Award-winning hip-hop artist Fifi Cooper has been slapped with a court interdict by her previous record label Ambitiouz Entertainment for breach of contract. The stable obtained the interdict from the South Gauteng High Court on Thursday to stop the rapper from performing all the songs she recorded while part of the stable. Fifi Cooper was also ordered not to make any statement claiming ownership of copyright to the songs. The Kuze Kuse and Monate C hit maker has further been instructed to pay damages for infringing on the stable's copyrights and to pay the legal costs of the suit. She was also ordered to return all the songs to the stable or delete them from her media platforms, like memory sticks. Ambitiouz Entertainment boss Kgosi Mahumapelo confirmed they have interdicted the talented musician. "She is interdicted from infringing all our copyright in relation to the songs; she is interdicted from making any media statements claiming ownership of copyright; she is to pay damages to Ambitiouz, which damages will be determined by conducting an inquiry in terms of section 24 of the Copyright Act; and she is ordered to pay costs of the application, including costs of two counsel," read a written response from Mahumapelo. Fifi Cooper, real name Boingotlo Precious Mooketsi, declined to comment. "I have no comment to make at this moment," she said. Court documents seen by Sunday World, read in part: "The respondent is interdicted and restrained from infringing the applicant's copyright in the literary works and/or the music works embodied in the sound recording . by performing them in public, reproducing them in any manner or form." The muso, who performed the songs at various gigs after leaving the stable earlier this year, has also been ordered to pay royalties generated from the shows to the stable. "The respondent is to pay the applicant such damages and/or a reasonable royalty contemplated by section 24 of the Act, following the inquiry to be held," read the court documents. Fifi Cooper burst onto the showbiz scene by winning three gongs at the Metro FM Music Awards in 2015 and raking in two nominations in the SA Music Awards the following year.