A man who has embraced the saying that pain is part of beauty is heart-throb rapper Cassper Nyovest. A sharp dresser, well-groomed and a recent fitness fanatic - we can see why he has the ladies drooling. With the much-anticipated #FillUpFNB concert taking place next weekend, he has pulled out all the stops to look even better than he already does. The former chubby cheeks, with mkhaba to match, first decided to shape up when he decided to fill up the Dome two years ago. He did so in record time. He now looks better than ever. In preparation for this concert there were a lot of things he had to change. "Diet is 80% of the job. I had to quit a lot of things, specifically sodas and carbohydrates. Now I only drink water. For the first Fill Up, I exercised as much as I could, now I have maintained a healthy lifestyle. I feel good and I look good," he says confidently. His training routine involves cardio and functional training, which consists of squats, lunges and pull ups, among others. His diet is super healthy and wholesome. A typical meal programme for the day consists of a protein shake for breakfast followed by eggs, asparagus and spinach. For lunch he indulges in tin fish, asparagus or tuna and rice cakes. Dinner would typically be a chicken breast coupled with vegetables. "My inspiration to look good comes when I think of myself being on stage. It's not nice to have a belly while performing on stage. For Fill Up [FNB] ... the show is going to be perfect and I want every part of my body from every angle to look and feel good," says Nyovest. Even though he recently announced his bankrupt status, he notes that it doesn't cost money to have style, something he claims he has always had... long before stardom. He has always loved clothes, and doesn't have any specific outlets he buys from. But he admits that he loves Gucci, Balenciaga, H&M and Cotton on. "If it looks good, I'll wear it," says Nyovest. On a day-to-day basis Nyovest dresses himself. He says his inspiration comes from fellow rappers Kanye West and Pharell. For big events and shoots he is styled by Didi Monsta, so fans can expect him to look sharp on the big night. The beard that he has maintained also has the lady fans drooling. And it's not just a Movember thing. He has a barber who comes to give him a trim at his home twice a week. "I like how my beard looks and I've always had a tendency to grow things. Before it was my ponytail, now I've moved to growing a beard. People always tell me that I look good with it so this beard will be staying for a while." With revelations that DJ Warras goes for "beauty" treatments, Nyovest says he would opt for botox injections that deal with sweating, especially under the armpits... to save him on stage. He even does the odd mani and pedicure. "I do go for hand and foot treatments once in a while, but I don't make a habit out of it," he laughs.