A KwaZulu-Natal Midlands business will showcase their artwork in a private exhibition in Monaco to raise funds for the Princess Charlene of Monaco Foundation. Ardmore Ceramic Art will be exhibiting over 200 pieces over three days from Tuesday at the Yacht Club De Monaco’ private dining room. Clint Pavkovich‚ operations manager for Ardmore Ceramic Art‚ said they were excited about this venture. “It is a completely new arena for us to showcase the talent of the artists to people who support the Princess Charlene Foundation Charity. The aim of this foundation is to make children into great adults through sport‚ and although we are about art‚ our goal is to allow artists to earn a living from their talent. We educate people in local rural areas that art is an option for a career‚ so it is another outlet for children to become great adults. And we are also donating a percentage of the proceeds to the foundation in support‚” said Pavkovich. Included in the range of art are small salt and pepper cellars to masterwork vases about a metre tall‚ teapots‚ trays‚ candle holders‚ tureen‚ butter dishes and jewellery boxes. Prices range from 200 euro to 6000 euro. Roger Shine of Monaco‚ who is instrumental in organising the exhibition‚ has over the years collected over 30 pieces from Ardmore. Shine‚ who is married South African Karen Methven‚ said he has worked on special projects with the principality. “Over the years I bought Ardmore products and suddenly found we had quite a bit. I thought since the Prince is married to Princess Charlene who is South African and has art from Ardmore‚ why not have an exhibition. I suggested the idea and the idea of raising money from a portion of the sale‚” said Shine. He said the foundation is also involved in work in South Africa. He said with Christmas coming up‚ the art would make wonderful gift ideas. “They items people don’t have. I think they should sell very well.” Shine said he and his wife were conservationists and supporters of charity. “The ladies who do the painting on the art at Ardmore are in most cases poor and don’t have worldly goods. We like the idea of trying to help them because what they do is brilliant‚” said Shine.  