 Gabisile Khoza, who has been running the Siyazigabisa Home of Hope for Children, Youth and Community Organisation in Tembisa for 20 years, said her car licence plates have been cloned and whoever was driving around in the car carrying her vehicle's identity was involved in murder, robbery and rape of women.Khoza said her nightmare started four months ago."I was at the local gym in February when I found police vans and about six policemen next to my car with sirens blaring. They asked me to come with them to the police station as I was under arrest," she said."I spent four hours trying to tell them that I knew nothing about those crimes. They told me my car was one of the most wanted because it was used to commit serious crimes."She said Tembisa police had registered six cases in which a car bearing her car's licence plates was involved."There was a case of rape and three murders of women as well as armed robbery at Phumlani Mall here in Tembisa, where criminals walked away with R11000. There were several break-ins that were also committed by those criminals. It is traumatising for me," she said.Khoza said she could no longer drive her car because she fears for her life ."Just when I thought the Tembisa police let me go, there were five other policemen who came to my house on Thursday last week at around 2am. They also asked to search my house. I feel harassed. I feel that my rights as a woman are being violated and no one is willing to help me," said Khoza.She said she tried to open a case at Tembisa police station and they told her to go to the traffic department to get help."When I got to the traffic department, the officials there told me I need to go to the police. I'm being taken from pillar to post while my life is in danger."Ekurhuleni Metro Police Department spokesman Wilfred Kgasago said there was nothing the department could do."It is the responsibility of the police to resolve the matter."The department of transport's acting director-general, Mathabatha Mokonyama said: "She must re-register her car to resolve the matter. We are willing to hold the woman's hand to help her through the re-registration."