"I've never doubted the aspect of his administrative skill."Mbalula exclaimed proudly: "I can vouch with my cows at home, I am giving you the best."The question is: Has Lejaka lived up to those praises?Some influential boxing personalities differed in their views.Promoter Rodney Berman said Lejaka is an exceptional guy."I've got respect for him because he understands that his knowledge of boxing is minimal. He is not shy to ask for advice," said the top promoter on the continent."The real problem is lack of knowledge from people running the sport currently... It worries me."Ayanda Matiti said Lejaka is getting there."He has tried to appreciate the environment because he is not from boxing. Tsholofelo is trying his best to acclimatise," said the outspoken promoter. "I've never doubted the aspect of his administrative skills."He is learning the ropes. Of course he is making mistakes and that is natural. In him we do have a CEO."BSA 2016 promoter of the year Andre Thysse did not mince his words:"He is failing on the Boxing SA Act. Tsholofelo and Sindy Nkomo (director of operations) don't care for boxing. One of his duties is to bring sponsors to boxing and he has failed big time."I also think he is being advised wrongly. He has got a big job. Will he get it right? I don't think so."Promoter Tshele "TK" Kometsi said: "I have not seen anything tangible that he has done. I am not sure if he inherited problems or he does not have capacity with what he is doing."He failed to keep the marriage between SABC and the national department of sport, which is over. He needs to put his mind to it and try to resuscitate it."Trainer Bernie Pailman shared Thysse's sentiments: "He has done nothing," he said straight up."I was thinking that boxing will be in the best situation, but it is still the same. There is no improvement."But Colin Nathan differed with Pailman: "I've seen significant change within BSA since Tsholofelo came on board although there are still issues that need to be resolved."