 The Miss SA pageant confirmed that the beauty queen was held up by three armed men on Jan Smuts Avenue in Hyde Park Johannesburg. She managed to exit the vehicle and a good Samaritan came to Demi s aid and drove her away from the scene. Her car and handbag were later recovered at the scene by a security company the organisation said in a statement.Police Minister Fikile Mbalula said that Demi was shaken. As it can be understood Miss Nel-Peters is shaken but in good spirits and safe. She has incredible courage he said in a statement.Police are currently investigating the matter and have promised to leave no stone unturned in their efforts to find the suspects. No resources will be spared in the fight against crime...Now is the time to take the war against crime direct to these enemies of the people. It should be made a societal shame when armed men point deadly weapons at females the minister added.Miss SA Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters punched one of her attackers in the throat in a desperate attempt to escape during an attempted hijacking.The beauty queen told TshisaLIVE that she was driving in traffic near the Hyde Park Shopping Centre in Johannesburg at around 7:45pm on Wednesday evening when she was approached by four gunmen who tried to hijack her. I saw them approaching me three to my left and another on the other side and I knew by their eyes what they were coming to do. I was petrified but prepared for what was coming she said.Having just finished a driver s safety course Demi-Leigh immediately went into defence mode and when confronted climbed out the vehicle. I had at least three guns pointed at me. I climbed out of the car but they told me to climb back in because I was coming with them she said.That was when Demi remembered some of the self-defence techniques she had been taught and hit one of the attackers in the throat. He was dazed and pushed me into the car. I forced my way out and ran as fast as I could into traffic to get help she said.Sadly she was ignored by other motorists whom she had appealed to for help. I was this young girl running in heels towards cars asking them for help and nobody would help me. The first 30 or 40 cars I approached all ignored me. Then this lady opened her door and let me in. I told her that I had been hijacked and she took me to a safe place Demi said.Demi later returned to the scene to find her car surrounded by police and security with some of her belongings still in it.She said that she had opened a case at a local police station and would be resting up for a few days to fully recover. I have cancelled all my appointments for today (Thursday) and will see a psychologist to help me deal with the ordeal. I will be taking it easy over the next few days and then return to my Miss SA duties she added.