 But she finds it despicable that many believe she got to play Ashanti on the SABC2 telenovela Keeping Score because of her sex appeal."People say my character came about considering my sex appeal. I find it weird because as a working actress you follow the script and the director's orders, not withstanding the wardrobe that guides you on how you should dress," she said."As a teenager and an athlete in the show, I'm required to show a bit of flesh because of the shorts worn by women runners on the drama series. I'm not the only one showing a bit of skin. I don't know what the fuss is all about."I love myself and my body, I can say I'm a rebel with a cause both as Ashanti and as myself. . Maybe the reason behind all this attention is my confidence."Mkongi, 25, a University of Cape Town (UCT) theatre performance class of 2015 graduate, said getting the role as the spoilt daughter of the leading man, Justice, played by Saint Seseli, has "opened opportunities" for her.She matriculated at Parklands College in Cape Town in 2009 and attended the Waterfront Theatre School before going to UCT."I'm grateful to be in the big world of TV. It's a space you take for granted when outside but when in, a new world opens up," she said.Mkongi said she nearly did not make the cut to be cast on Keeping Score because of her lack of fluency in Sotho."I can speak a bit of Sepedi. I grew up in Alberton in Joburg. As my Xhosa-speaking mom is married to a Mopedi man, we moved to Limpopo, then back to Joburg because of my parents' work commitments."And it was actually easy for me to move back to Joburg in July last year. I grew up here," Mkongi said.Engrossed in theatre during her studies and after, Mkongi has had roles in theatre productions such as The Crucible, Titus Andronicus, A Raisin in the Sun, Kill Me Please and Stranger Hear Myself."TV is totally different to stage. I'm still getting into the rhythm as far as getting in front of the camera goes. A plus is that I work with pros."I have not been exposed much to other TV production houses for me to say for sure what other TV projects are in [the] pipeline for me, but I'm hoping for the best."