 Meet Sylvester Makhado, the latest hunk to feature on the Duma Ndlovu-created SABC2 soap opera, as he takes on the role of Rashaka, Borosi Mukwevho's only son.Makhado, 30, was born and grew up in Thohoyandou in Limpopo. His family moved to Tshakhuma village but are now settled in Nzhelele."I'm a radio man at heart but I've had this fascination with being on TV since I was young. I couldn't come to Joburg for auditions, so the only opportunity to get in was when auditions were held around Venda or my hometown," Makhado said.His big break came last September when he received a call-back to travel to Joburg for casting for the role of Rashaka."This is my first gig on TV. I'm putting every effort into it and embracing the show. I reckon the producers felt I wasn't ready all this time but I've been patient enough. The long wait has been rewarded."Makhado said he made his on-screen debut in February and appeared again twice last month. He is on set everyday, an indication that he is about to become a permanent feature.On being regarded as the new Muvhango stud and calendar boy, he said: "I take what viewers say as a compliment. There's nothing I can do about it, they're the judges."Makhado's radio craft was nurtured at the University of Venda's campus radio, lately his voice can be heard on Makhado FM, presenting, DJing and doing voice-overs.He has been in front of the camera before though, doing the docu-drama Solving It and the Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio movie Sniper Reloaded, playing a soldier."I'm an ardent storyteller, that's the very reason I always wanted to be on Muvhango. I'm presently doing workshops at the DNA (Duma Ndlovu Academy) and that will hopefully open more doors for me."Makhado said he would not rest until he runs his own radio station. He recently established an entertainment company. He said his character Rashaka was dedicated to saving his family company MMC from being destroyed by KK (Khakhathi Mulaudzi), played by MacDonald Ndou.Rashaka was educated in the US, and his weakness is women. When not in Jozi, Makhado spends quality time with his son back home.