 On one hand, it is a refreshing endorsement for a former player to enter the coaching realm, which in SA is very rare as teams prefer to recycle coaches. McCarthy has played at the highest level, so you get a sense he'll readily know what he's talking about and should be able to win over the City dressing room.He's a proven winner, having almost single-handedly sent Bafana Bafana to the 1998 Africa Cup of Nations final, played at two World Cups and won the Uefa Champions League with Porto of Portugal.But as with any double-edged sword, McCarthy has some shortcomings. Aside from completing his coaching badges, he has not done much in terms of enhancing his coaching credentials in the practical sense.Granted, he had an assistant coaching stint at Sint-Truidense of Belgium, but that experience was so brief it probably should not even be in his CV. It was so dismal it ended in a dismissal.McCarthy has given the impression of someone seeing himself as a head coach already, no doubt encouraged by excited talk from his legion of fans who once bizarrely linked him with the Orlando Pirates top job.Ever since, you hear his name emerge with every coaching slot that opens in the Absa Premiership. I hope the City hierarchy thought this out properly and didn't fall into a trap of making a rushed, populist appointment to go with the witty nature of their social-media behaviour. No coach should be appointed based on Twitter sentiment.City had a good previous season under Eric Tinkler. But Tinkler was no Benni. He had served as assistant coach for sometime - at Bidvest Wits and then Orlando Pirates - before his elevation, on an emergency basis, to head coach at Pirates. He too attained coaching badges. He played overseas as well.McCarthy's rapid ascension, also to a certain degree, makes a mockery of the roles of some credible assistant coaches in this country.Kaitano Tembo has served several head coaches at SuperSport United, but is deemed not ready to take over as the main man.At Platinum Stars, Willem Jackson, a Bafana legend, has been in the background for well over a decade but we now hear he may have to report to Peter Butler following the senseless sacking of Cavin Johnson.Our Benni didn't even have to serve a day as assistant at City - he acquired coaching badges, then made regular appearances on TV as an analyst and then boom ... he's a head coach.Time will tell if he sinks or swims after being thrown into the deep end. We wish Benni good luck because he certainly will need it.