 Lerato has previously opened up about the heartbreak she felt after a miscarriage in 2015 but revealed to talk show host Anele Mdoda on Real Talk with Anele that it was one of two miscarriages she suffered in recent years. I have actually lost two children. I have only spoken about the (most recent) one because it was the one that affected me the most. That was when I really wanted to have a child Lerato said.She explained that she suffered from fibroids which were removed but have returned increasing her chances of miscarrying again.Lerato also alluded to this in a Tweet last month.She told Anele that she is in therapy to help her deal with the pain of her loss and had learnt to block out the idea of having children. I have blocked the idea of having children completely because of the pain that I went through when I miscarrried. I wouldn t put that on my worst enemy. It is the most painful thing ever especially when you really want to have a child. I m comfortable with saying that I don t want to have children. It is painful. I don t want to go through that again she said.Even though that s her stance Lerato admitted that she would be comfortable adopting. Perhaps in about two years time she said with a smile.Lerato Kganyago has come out to pour cold water on claims that there s a feud brewing between her and co-host Dineo Ranaka.During an interview on Real Talk with Anele Mdoda Lerato addressed recent reports that claimed she and Dineo had tension between them.The radio personality told Anele that when she and Dineo saw the reports they rolled their eyes.She added that when they were paired together as co-hosts on Metro FM s The Bridge during a major reshuffle at the station earlier this year they knew that people were waiting for controversy. What I love about Dineo and I is that the week we started doing The Bridge I said to her you know they re gonna try to make us fight... because we are girls . I said it might happen now or it will probably happen later she said.Dineo admitted that they ve had disagreements but not to the extent that they ve wanted to beat each other up.Lerato described Dineo as a sister and said they understand each other. We have an understanding and I love the fact that we are the same age so... maturity plays a huge role when it comes to that. We are so content both of us actually. We are at a point in our lives where we are so content and so happy and we re so comfortable with who we are so it just works so well together. Lerato said that the reports weren t even worth entertaining .