"I'm dating a Zulu man, sometimes when I call him to talk about sex, he would tell me that I'm disrespectful."Sexpert Totally Tracy has some tips for married couples and those in relationships with no sex life.Tracy hosted a session on "saving your marriage" at Hard Rock Cafe in Sandton, Johannesburg, last Friday. She says she believes dead bedrooms can be resurrected.Tracy says a lack of sex in marriage and relationship can lead to depression, anger and even infidelity.According to a study by the Kinsey Institute - a nonprofit institute for research in sex, gender and reproduction at Indiana University in the US - most married couples between the ages of 24 and 49 have sex about once a week.The study found that 26% are doing it two to three times per week. And then added to that are the fictitious 3% who claim that they are doing it four or more times per week.Tracy says two to three times a week is fair."In fact, the best sex is the one in the morning. It is a breakfast of champions. Insist that you and your partner use just three minutes in the morning to have sex," she says.She advises that partners should grow a pattern to "turn to each other"."The problem these days is that most people spend most of their times on social media connecting with the whole world that when they get home, they are too exhausted to connect with their spouse," she says.Tracy says it's important to be spontaneous and to turn up the heat and add adventure to the marriage.Surprise your partner in his or her office or even call them from the parking lot and make love in the car.She also says she believes people in relationships can have an affair with each other."Have an affair with your partner. When you are tired from work, turn to each other. Have sex," she insists.Sunday World also quizzed social media users about what could work for them to rekindle the spark in their relationship.Nondumiso Mbatha says that men should "meet women halfway"."I'm dating a Zulu man, sometimes when I call him to talk about sex he would tell me that I'm disrespectful. I mean, we can't even sext."I believe having an affair with the person you are dating makes you even more attracted to the person. Men pretend to like sex, but some cannot even handle three days a week," she complains.However, Hloni Mohlala says women have become difficult to please in bed these days."I think the issue of social media also ruins things for men. Women come to the bedroom with sexual standards they read about on Twitter or Facebook. I cannot have sex every day ... any normal couple should understand that."