 Mfundo Radebe has shown tenacity in all his endeavours.This 20-year-old, who has been awarded a full scholarship to study at Harvard University where he is studying towards a Political Philosophy and Economics degree, is our Youth Day hero. He has formed an initiative called The Dlulisa Initiative.Radebe was born in the township of Umlazi near Durban to a teenage mother who had him when she was only in matric. He attended Addington Primary School in Berea, Durban.When he was 13 he wrote a letter to the Michael and Susan Dell foundation."I asked for assistance to get a scholarship to attend Northwood Boys High School, north of Durban."I wanted access to a really good school and at that time my mom couldn't afford to send me to a school outside of our township," he says.Recipients of his letter were intrigued that he was able to ask for help to get an education at such a young age. He got a full scholarship .While in Grade 9 he wrote more letters to Jenny Coetzee, the principal of Crawford College in La Lucia."In the beginning I was not able to get a full scholarship because of the company's policy. I persisted and then wrote a letter to the board of directors at ADvTech. For the first time in the history of the school [a pupil] was awarded a compassionate and academic scholarship to attend the school."He attended Crawford College from Grade 11 and matriculated with eight distinctions in 2015."I wanted to expand my horizon by studying further. I was already accepted at University of Cape Town's law faculty. I was quite ready to enter that, but I had also applied at Harvard University where I was also accepted with a full scholarship," says Radebe.Harvard, he gloats, has been a great environment for him so far, even though he feels the US has been a huge culture shock for him.His goal is to return home and help better the lives of other intelligent but poor youths.Education is very dear to Radebe, so he wants every youth to grasp the importance of education ."What we want to do with Dlulisa is exactly what it says, 'passing it on' in terms of education and resources that are so needed to many of our previously disadvantaged schools. We want to enable every young child to get the skills they require in order to succeed educationally," says a passionate Radebe.He intends to roll out the initiative to various schools next year ."We are trying to galvanise support from corporate and government institutions. In the US we are trying to get a movement going to also help with funding," he says.Right now Radebe is still trying to get the schools involved and figuring out where to start.The initiative has partnered up with Shuter &amp; Shooter Publishers."They will provide Dlulisa with the resources we need to go into these schools. It is more about equipping schools with resources and building a network of volunteers, teachers and students, from well resourced schools and allow them to go in and work hand in hand with these schools ."Radebe mainly aims at teaching youth to be able to use the skills passed onto them."The problem with our youth today is that they are stuck in that apartheid mentality. We were taught that we are not good enough and we can't achieve our goals. But it shouldn't be the case."