 Zinde's elder sister Bondy Zinde, who mothered a son with Chaba, is embroiled in a fight with Chaba's ex-girlfriend Mathapelo Maimane and his ex-wife Lebo Mokgobu.Maimane, who also had a baby with Chaba, opened a case of fraud against Bondy's son with Chaba, Onalerona, at the Honeydew police station last month.Hawks spokesman Robert Netshiunda confirmed that they were investigating the case. "We are still following leads and need to take various statements," he said.Maimane refused to comment.However, Mokgobu said: "I know that there's a document which claims that there was a meeting between the deceased and his son, in which the deceased said he was giving the son his company. But the meeting took place a month after the father had died. I also know of the fraud case that was opened against the suspects."Bondy declined to comment. Repeated attempts to get a comment from Onalerona also drew a blank. He ignored our calls and text messages.A police source said Maimane opened a fraud case with the blessings of Mokgobu and Chaba's company employee and brother Freddy Chaba. This after discovering that Onalerona submitted minutes of a meeting between him and his father (allegedly held in January) in which the latter cedes the ownership of the business to him."Of concern is that the meeting 'took place' a month after his father's death. So where was the meeting held then?" asked the police source.The final straw that broke the camel's back, according to the source, was when Mokgobu received information from company employees that more than R5-million had been moved from the company's coffers and that the late entrepreneur's luxury cars, including a Range Rover, were on the brink of being repossessed before Onalerona, who was appointed the executor by the Master of the High Court, could wind up the estate."Mokgobu and Maimane wrote letters to Onalerona's lawyers requesting money to pay for their children's school fees and other essential items but the lawyers ignored them. That pushed Maimane to hire private investigators who unearthed these suspicious activities before she could open a case of fraud against Onalerona."Onalerona was also involved in a battle with Freddy over the authenticity of the wills they submitted to the Master of the High Court, the source further said.Freddy produced a will which he said was signed by the late businessman, which confirmed him as the executor of the estate, while Onalerona produced a separate one which named him as the executor.The matter was heard in February, where Freddy's case was dismissed.