 Joao "J'Something" da Fonseca , Moshe "Mo-T" Kgasoane and Sipho Mphahlaza, better known as Dr Duda, have produced hit after hit, and they are again releasing a banging album on August 4.But the group almost broke up six months ago due to irreconcilable differences. "We were actually deciding how we were gonna announce the news," said lead singer J'Something."We had a much-awaited fallout every band has to have. This was important and it changed everything. We had disagreements, we didn't talk about some of the issues we encountered before.""There was a huge lack of communication. We decided that if we don't talk, this family which we call Mi Casa is going to break up. We thrashed everything out, spoke openly and decided that the band was everything and we can't give up now," said trumpeter Mo-T.It was then decided that there had to be an album to pay tribute to this nostalgic moment."We are coming out with our fourth album, titled Familia, which means family. I come from a broken family, we were going to be a broken family. But we decided to keep it together. We are a unit and will not let anything come between us," said J'Something.In November 2010, they played together for the first time at a random party organised by Soul Candi.In March the following year, they got into studio and had a jamming album out by July."Dr Duda was invited to play and Mo-T was asked to join him on trumpet. They'd never met. I rocked up at the party and knew Duda but had never met Mo, so I asked them if I could join them on the vocals. Next thing we knew we were free-styling away and started jamming a song by Sade, Smooth Operator. People couldn't believe it," said J'Something at the time.Soul Candi approached the guys and proposed that they do something collectively. A couple of months later they were in studio recording their first track.They chose house music but still maintain that it's a fusion of all genres they listened to growing up - soul, jazz and funk. Today, their sound is distinctive and proudly South African, with many accolades under their belt.They have also grown in their personal capacity.J'Something, who turns 29 in August, is fast becoming a renowned chef and opened his own restaurant, Something's Cooking by J, in Time Square, Pretoria, in April this year.Mo-T, whose father is Kgasoane Banza of Afro-pop band Mango Groove, has taken fitness to a new level. The 29-year-old has decided to join exercise programme Sweat 101 in his free time and live a healthier lifestyle.Dr Duda, who is also a pianist, celebrates his 36th birthday next month. He is onto cycling and still produces banging beats outside of the group."If the break-up took place, we were going to upset the balance of our fan base. We created something so great, changing lives, and getting together and talking about things was the best thing that could have happened. This is the best music we have ever made and purely Mi Casa. Right now we are on top of the world," said J'Something.Familia is inspired by sounds from old Portuguese and South African music. J'Something and his family moved to Eastern Cape from Portugal when he was seven years old. He opted for J'Something as a stage name because most of his friends couldn't pronounce his name - Joao da Fonseca.After the album launch, Mi Casa will start touring in Canada and London. Performing at Scala in London will be one of the biggest moments in their careers.