 The group who are set to release a brand new album documenting their hardships and reunion told TshisaLIVE that there was a period four months ago when members hardly spoke to each other. For five years we were the best of friends and any argument or tension would be quickly swept under the carpet. But suddenly it all exploded and we were faced with a difficult situation where we were all wanting different things from each other. It seemed like we weren t going to be able to sort it out. Gigs were drying up and nothing seemed to be going right the group s J Something told TshisaLIVE.Frustrated at the growing rift between them J said that he threw himself into his other projects like his cooking career.He said that at times he did not feel like his bandmates supported him while other members felt that he should dedicate more time to Mi Casa.The group s Mo-T described the period as a weird time for the band and said that members stopped communicating with each other.After several failed attempts to resolve their issues group members decided to sit down and air their grievances for one last time. It was an awkward difficult and scary experience. I seriously thought it was all over. I walked into the room thinking and dreading a life outside of Mi Casa. It was honestly a defining moment for us. It was an ugly and uncomfortable situation but it honestly created something so beautiful J said.After settling their differences the group returned to stage and studio. They found a unity and energy that saw them create what they believe is some of the best music of their lives. We were on a high and we wanted to document it. We thought of putting it in a book or a short film but at the end of the day the thing that we re best at is making music. So we decided to work on a new album J explained.The new album is called Familia partly because the group wanted to share how their experiences made them stronger like a family that fought but still loved each other. We are in a happy space at the moment and are all so proud of what we have achieved together. We ve come so far and we want to show our fans that they are not just our fans but our family. No matter what we will all stick together Mo-T said.Familia releases on August 4. The first single from the upcoming project drops next Friday June 30.