 Now you can take a sho't left and enjoy the luxuries of trendy spas in your nearest township - for much cheaper too. Forget thousands of rands - in all these establishments, a full body massage will cost you less than R500.For R200 you can get a facial treatment and have your hands and feet treated for R100.Thando Tshabalala owns Afrique Beauty Lounge in Dube, Soweto.The establishment can easily be mistaken for one in Sandton. Walking in, it's a different world from the surrounding disturbance of the kasi vibe.The smiles of employees and the owner makes you feel at home.It's clear that Tshabalala was not shy to dig deeper into her pockets to invest in the best equipment. She says she wanted to offer the same luxury services that people get in the suburbs.She saw a gap in the market because a lot of people travelled all the way to northern Joburg to get these kind of services."You need transport, petrol and more money for treatments. I was one of those people and I was like, 'but I can create something that will exceed people's expectations'," she says.The massages, facials, waxing, manicures and pedicures that Afrique Beauty Lounge offers are not luxury, but what people need."We are living in a stressful space so need people to distress. You need time to revitalise and be able to work again, it's like you are recharging your system."Monica Kubeka of Mamelodi owns Okamopelong Mobile Spa which has been operating for a year.She decided to focus on a mobile spa because most people feel comfortable and are better relaxed in their own space. Kubeka goes all out to ensure customers receive the best service.Although she operates a mobile spa, she is able to accommodate those who prefer to come to her.She offers them a beautiful outside experience with a setting under an open thatched roof structure.She customises the colours of her setting according to a client's requirements.The passion she has about the business is evident from the hunger she has to educate people in her area about the services she offers and the health benefits thereof.Nthabiseng Etoma-Marengwa, also in Soweto, has been running Mzansi Nails and Beauty Spa for the past three years.The business offers massages, eyelash extensions, make-up and nail bar services.The establishment is located in a typical kasi business district at Meat Meat Complex in Diepkloof.The massage room is cosy, elegantly decorated, making it perfect for relaxation."When we started, we did clinics and educated the community about taking care of their skin and all," Etoma-Marengwa said.She also attracts a lot of support from male customers."Men who are into sports come for our massages. They even do the facials, foot spas and pedicures."Glamour Hair, Nails and Beauty Spa in Tembisa, East Rand, has been running for three years.Owner Dorcas Mashitisho worked in the beauty industry before she decided to bring the services to her people.Her place is spotless from the walls to the floor, with a pleasant and soothing aroma welcoming you upon entering.The massage room has Chinese styling, with classic music softly playing in the background."I noticed there were no beauty spas in the townships. People also had a lot of misconceptions and I wanted to clear those," she says.Men come on special occasions, she says.In Vosloorus, Nhlanhla Marquart-Labase created Divine Space Boutique Salon based on public demand.He said when he owned a clothing business in Rosebank most of his clients were people from the kasi.He then set up his salon to bring upmarket services to Vosloorus. It stands out at Gold Spot Shopping Centre, more so with its classic d cor.The lounge with air-con, offers free Wi-Fi to clients, a rare treat in the townships."It is hard to convince men. Some claim their wives won't allow them to be massaged by other women," he laughs.Too broke for pampering? Try these:It's no joke that Sunlight soap raised lawyers and doctors. It is still the best and cheapest household product. The secret is that it is pure soap.Besides being the best stain remover - it's also the best cleanser as it strips the hair and skin of grease.Lemon juice is great for cleaning pots and a slimming agent in warm water. It also works well on oily skin when whipped up with avocado as a mask.Mealie meal, brown sugar and raw coffee are the best exfoliants - lips, face and body.Vaseline and Vicks vapour rub work well for dry feet.Used tea bags - any brand - work well for tired eyes.Vinegar in your shampoo will add shine and strength.Epsom salts in your bath water releases stress.Methylated spirits mixed with some coconut oil is great for stretchmarks.