 Even the actress behind the character, Lindiwe Ndlovu, is terrified of her.The Mzansi Magic drama sets social media abuzz every Monday evening mainly because of the woman in the khaki uniform.But she swears that in real life she is nothing like the devious prison warder.Ndlovu, 41, says her character scares her sometimes because of the things she is willing to do to get what she wants.Sharon has everyone fooled after framing prisoner Mazet for the murder of another warden.She makes it known that life will be hell on earth to anyone who crosses her path."I am a hustler just like Sharon but I can never go to the extreme that she goes to to get what she wants," she says.But, in her defence, she says Sharon is forced to be devious because of her circumstances. She reiterates that it's not fair for people to dislike only her."Yes, she is ambitious and wants to achieve things. She is just pushed by this evil woman behind her to do all those things," says Ndlovu.Ndlovu says she is often approached on the street about her behaviour on the drama series... but people should understand it's just acting."Sometimes people think I'm mean. They ask why am I being cruel to Mazet. They are so concerned about her," she laughs.She prepared for the role by doing a lot of reading and watching similar characters - how they behaved and she got to know them well.But even though she bullies the inmates in the drama Ndlovu has an issue with bullying tactics."No one deserves to be bullied. There are a lot of bullies, especially in school. Even I was bullied at school. So I know first hand the pain that is inflicted. But I got myself out because I retaliated - not that my mother approved."She plays every role she takes on to perfection, something she has been doing for the past 17 years.She bagged a Safta award for her riveting role in the locally produced feature film, Little One.But she says acting was never her career of choice."At some point I wanted to be a police officer because I liked the uniform. I also wanted to study biotechnology. I was all over the show when it came to things I wanted to do."But she always enjoyed watching the older drama students at school."When I was doing standard 8 [Grade 10] in high school, I had to choose subjects and joined the drama class. I did this simply because I was running away from other classes. I remember the other drama students were always so free and most of the time they wouldn't wear uniforms to school," she says.After completing school, she says she had to look for a job because there was not enough money to further her education.But instead of looking for a traditional nine to five, she sought out auditions."My aunt noticed that I was looking for auditions, she eventually helped me get into the Market Theatre where I honed my skills."And so her acting career kicked off in 1999 after completing two years of training.She has since featured in Mazinyo Dot Q, as Malawian maid Buseje in Ses'Top La, Catch a Fire, Winnie Mandela, Zabalaza, Umlilo, Greed and Desire, Home Affairs, Uzalo and Stokvel.