 The former Jomo Cosmos and national Under-23 goal-poacher also told Vuyisile that her husband Bongani was performing kegel exercises on different floozies. But the couple allegedly ruled him offside and unleashed their lawyer on him to back off.Nhleko, who also plied his trade for Norwegian side Viking FC under the tutelage of new Orlando Pirates coach Kjell Jonevret, blamed everything on his ex-wife Thandeka."I know my ex-wife is the one who phoned you about this. I have been on this route before. I don't want to focus on negative things. I went through a lot in my previous marriage and I now want to build my business and concentrate on the future."My sister has been turned against me by Thandeka all because I told her and her husband where to get off during a family meeting in February last year. Unfortunately, the details are too personal to share."So after remarrying, Thandeka has been all bitter and told me that she wants to destroy me. The best ally to have is my sister because I have not spoken to her since February last year," he said. Bongani said: "I don't know what you are talking about, so no comment."Vuyisile confirmed that Nhleko tried to wreck her marriage. "He told my husband that I was cheating on him but he didn't believe him because my husband trusts me. He also told me that my husband was cheating on me but I too didn't believe a word from him because I trust my husband."Vuyisile said she spoke to her lawyers, who phoned Nhleko and told him to stop his shenanigans or face the full might of the law.She also said that she did not know why the revered footie did what he did to her. "I think money was the issue here. He borrowed money from me. I think it was about R50000, and promised to pay me back after receiving his share from the divorce settlement. When he disappeared, I phoned Thandeka and asked her how far they were with their divorce as I wanted my money."To my shock, she told me that there was no money as their estate was bankrupt. After I confronted him, he started all these stories. He is just jealous of me," she saidThandeka, a 2014 Diski Diva Season 2 cast member, could not be reached for comment.