 "It's not the same thing. Rappers are entertainers who make music for stardom. A hip-hopper has a greater calling - to be the voice of and for the people. What most people, especially rappers, seem to forget is that hip hop culture was born out of rebellion to social injustices and being a voice for the voiceless," says "Linkris" ."It's ok to party, to make party songs, but in reality nobody lives in a club 24/7, nobody is shaking their asses 24/7. Real people do real things."He is one of a very few artists to have an Afrikaans hip hop video feature on Mtv Base and Channel O currently.His song Game Change Gazi off his latest album, Bloed Is Dikker As Water (Blood is thicker than water) has been nominated for Best Afrikaans hip-hop song of the year by Ghoema Awards.He's up against Early B, Hemelbesem and Jerome Rex."I'm excited about my nomination. My music comes from a special place - it's not generic nor trendy, so this makes all the hard work, sacrifice and self-belief worth it."The Ghoema's are like the Grammys of the Afrikaans music industry. Finally they opened their doors for Afrikaans hip-hop," he says.Having started his career over a decade ago in Cape Town, and now bringing his music to Gauteng for the Kullid concert in Eersterus, Pretoria, on Freedom Day, Linkris says it's time people heard his story.He says his childhood experiences in various "coloured" townships of the Cape influenced his music."I speak about our nation's struggles, our culture, our leaders, freedom fighters, our contribution to Africa."He initially stayed in Matroosfontein and spend his youth between Elsies River, Belhar and Bishop Lavis."My upbringing was very interesting. In Elsies River I stayed at a shebeen or what one would call a smokkel (smuggle) yard. I served beers. The juke box was loaded with the sounds of Tupac, Notorius B.I.G, Tha Dogg Pound and N.W.A. I immediately identified with this music. They were describing stories similar to what I was living and seeing."His mother bought him his first Nas' Illmatic album which he says largely influenced the rest of his path."That album changed my life. I knew then that I was supposed to package my environment into lyrics. I'm a good talker and joker, so rapping came naturally," he says.Although faced with poverty, drugs, crime and gangs, he says he was fortunate not to fall prey to it. He chose to work and sing for his money."I wandered the flats freely, I operated with people twice my age and smoked a blunt for the first time when I was six. We once stole a left-over 'nippie' from a friend's uncle - we coughed our lungs out."Elsies was fun but also very dangerous. Growing up there meant you learnt fast and your street IQ had to be high, otherwise you died ... it was that simple," he says.His late grandma was the rock of his life."I was eight years old when she got me out because I was with the wrong crowd. It was rough too in Belhar, but my grandfather Herman was a pastor and drill sergeant with a tight grip on me. He schooled me on choirs, personal responsibility and church activities."I learnt about leadership and discipline. I hung out with gangs but to me they were just people. I was certainly not a saint, probably the naughtiest kid who always got into trouble. But gangs and drugs were never my thing. I am very fortunate," he adds."When kids from the flats see and hear Linkris, they hear someone that not only looks like them but also sounds like them. I also want to create opportunities for other talented, committed and serious artists in our communities."