 "I never die," says the woman who has been raped not once, but thrice.Hastie's life has been anything but a joke.As we speak, she is off to Thailand on a spiritual retreat before her big and busy year.First off, she has a one- woman show titled The Nina Hastie Experience planned for September. After that, a show with Desmond Dube for SABC2 called Karakters, where contestants improvise and act on any topic given to them. And third, a sitcom with Gray Hofmeyer for SABC3 where she plays a sangoma, along with A-list actors Sonia Sedibe, Luthuli Dlamini and Alfred Ntombela.The well-loved comedian and Trending SA presenter tells us she wouldn't have this opportunity if she remained a drunk. She has been proudly sober for the past three years and four months.The 34-year-old recalls the dark place that held her captive for years. She says it spiked when she moved to Jozi and dated a DJ. "I suffered from severe depression from the age of 17. I've pretty much been through all the traumas of life - whether it was physical abuse in a relationship or sexual violence. I was raped thrice on separate occasions. On one of them I was gang raped.""With the gang rape, I was 18 or 19 and still living at home. I was out and these two guys gave me a lift home. I knew one of them. He forced me to have sex with his friend while he watched. They said I had to or they'd leave me for dead in some place in Eersterust, Pretoria. I didn't really know what was happening. I don't like to think about it. No woman should have to think about this," says Hastie.While trying to get on with life and enjoying successes in the industry, her life took a dip and she found herself sleeping on the floor in some dodgy flat in Braamfontein."There were no beds or blankets, it was horrible. I promised myself I would get myself out of the situation and I'd never be in a place where I don't have options." She ran away to Cape Town where she landed a job waitressing and later joined the circus. But depression and her dad's illness led to complete hair loss."When my parents, who had now cut me off because of my destructive behaviour - drinking and so forth, found out that all my hair had fallen out they said I can come home but only for three months to get my crap together. I did as much as I possibly could, I went to see a healer and joined the 12-step programme," she says.Taking us back her childhood, Hastie describes herself as that weird white girl from Pretoria. "I'm from a good family. My parents divorced when I was two years old. They are happily remarried to the loves of their lives so sometimes divorce is the best thing if you're not with the right person."I didn't come from a particularly rich or poor family. I went to average Model C public schools in Pretoria East but that in itself was a privilege - I had running water, electricity and I had two parents who loved me."A self-confessed over achiever all her life, she was a karate world champion and received her black belt at the age of 13.Quite talented, she was the lead in a musical, superb at hockey and a straight-A student."I think I peaked too soon and there was pressure on me leading to my first nervous breakdown at 15. They didn't make me headgirl and I just couldn't process it. I mean I wrote the code of conduct and I was on the SRC and every committee."But Hastie says her life is much richer now. She is enjoying life as a comedian, actor and writer... and her convertible. "The secret to happiness is in nutrition... try not to have poisonous stuff. What we put into our body affects our behaviour."