"Al and I had a warm relationship. I was amazed by how humble he was, very intelligent"These are the words of celebrated Afro-jazz muso Sipho "Hotstix' Mabuse when asked about his reaction after hearing of legendary multi-award-winning American jazz musician and crooner Al Jarreau's death two weeks ago.Born Alwin Lopez Jarreau, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, US, so close was their friendship whenever they met during Jarreau's visits to Mzansi, Mabuse would just call him Al.Mabuse says they first met during Jarreau's tour soon after the lifting of the cultural boycott in 1993."The tour with Al was arranged by promoter Attie van Wyk. At the time I was a member of the then Musicians Union of SA. I was uncertain whether or not I would receive flak from my fellow members for working closely with the promoter, but in the end I decided to be part of the tour."Al and I had a warm relationship. He immediately took a liking to me. I was amazed by how humble he was. A very intelligent person," reminisces Mabuse."During a press conference on the Cape Town leg of our tour, he asked us musicians about the music we played during the struggle days."After we had told him and sang a few lines, he responded with his signature wide smile: 'Finally, I hear it from the musicians, not the politicians'"."At the time most of my music was banned, except for songs like Shikisha and Jive Soweto". I couldn't play Nelson or Chant of the Marching those days," says Mabuse.The exHarare band member says he was stunned by the level of professionalism Jarreau exhibited whenever they worked together a the American serenadist would lock himself up in his room, to rehearse and do voice practices, only to come out for the show."Al was unique, the sounds he did with his voice were incredible. He had an all-round voice. His commitment and work ethics were high," says Mabuse."But one thing I noticed about him, he did not like eating. He loved his cognac. He would call for his drink early in the morning without eating breakfast."The Burn Out hitmaker says he once invited Jarreau, who died at 76, and his wife Susan Player-Jarreau to his house in Pimville, Soweto, for dinner and he just had a piece of meat, only to drink cognac the whole night.However, Mabuse says he wouldn't go as far as blaming cognac for the legendary artist's death.Mabuse says the last time he was with Jarreau was during his last tour of the country with another legendary jazz musician George Benson. He says Jarreau loved South Africa and its people.But the last time Mabuse heard from him was two years ago, when singer Yvonne Chaka Chaka called to tell him she had met a sickly Jarreau in Spain, who asked her to pass his regards. "I'm privileged to have worked with Al," he says.