"I'm enjoying my producing side of the craft. I have a movie coming up on Multichoice platforms this month"While portraying the cunning Mmamosa on the current season of the sports action drama Keeping Score on SABC2, Mbele is now set to grace our small screens as Tuki the diva in the new SABC3 comedy-drama Soap on a Rope, which premiered on Friday.The drama is set against the backdrop of the hilarious side of producing a rock-bottom-budget soapie called Hard Bodies."Tuki my character is one of the actresses. She believes she deserves the leading lady role, to be the N0 1 diva. It's a funny, witty show. Tuki always makes tiny underhand comments and jokes about being No 1 whenever bookings are made," explains Mbele."Every one scorns her for wanting to be on top of her game. She thinks she's talented but in fact she is self-centred. I don't think she's aware that she could be unstable."Playing Tuki is interesting because in real life situations we're all ambitious, we all work towards being No 1; coming second is not an option."Mbele said because of her past working relationship with the producers of the show, she was called in for a read and "I kind of knew I was going to be picked"."We shot 13 episodes in 13 days, it was hectic."The show is Mbele's first comedy but she was made to feel home after meeting many familiar faces on set, like Luthuli [Dlamini], Ashish [Gangpersad] and Patricia [Boyer], "who happen to be friends"."I'm enjoying my producing side of the craft. I have a movie coming up on one of the Multichoice platforms this month, the details [are] under wraps."Another of her projects is the film 100 Lives, which she hopes will hit the big screen before the end of the year."It's a big project, I don't want to rush it. I've invested so much time and energy in it."Mbele believes the local TV and film industry lacks vibrancy and has stagnated because of the divide between actors and producers."There's no reason for any one to look down upon the other or the others to feel inferior."We need one another for the success of the industry, we're one."Speaking about her three-year hiatus, Mbele said she took a break because she didn't want to be typecast after quitting the erstwhile Generations."I had to wait and carefully consider my options. Others approached me but when I read the Keeping Score script last year, I said 'this is what I want to do'."I've been in the industry for 19 years and in the eyes of most people I'm still Ntombi of Generations, which is fine; it means I made an indelible mark playing that character."