 The designer cum-publicist who is well known for her quirky African print shoes, recently collaborated with Woolworths at SA Fashion Week - something she never deemed possible when she started out 10 years ago.She also specialises in African print clutches and necklaces, aluminium bangles and earrings."It makes me so sad to hear people say 'oh, this is great stuff to wear at a wedding.' We marginalise ourselves because apartheid and colonialism taught us self-hate," McCloy says."Those systems were made so that western attire is the every day default form, and anything African is relegated to weddings and heritage day. I'm part of the movement that says there are many ways of wearing African inspiration, and you can and must wear it always, everywhere - #AfricaAlways," she says.Her love for everything African stems from her mother's seshoeshoe culture and all the different African countries she grew up in.The 41-year-old was born in England to an English father and Mosotho mum and has lived in Sudan, Nigeria, Mozambique, Lesotho and now South Africa."I loved the cultures and cloth of those places since I was a little girl, so it was only natural when making my collections that this would be my inspiration," she says.She was approached by Woolworths in December last year to be part of their #StyleBySA capsule collection alongside seven other designers."I considered this a huge validation of my brand. They chose three styles for women and three for men and we decided on the leather and cloth combinations, then together we started making the collection happen," she says.McCloy started out in journalism, then started a media company called Black Rage Productions.But her fashion career kicked off after meeting David Makoae in a market in Maseru ."He had a stall and his wire earrings were so beautiful, I asked him to make them bigger for me. His response was, "oh ousi your ear will fall off!!'"When I came back to Johannesburg everyone in my circle - all the hot women of the scene started wearing them. Lira was a fan."One day when I was producing a TV show called Noted presented by Azania, our caterer Mokgadi Itsweng asked for five pairs, saying she was going to tell Nkhensani Nkosi of Stoned Cherrie to stock them."McCloy started selling at a craft market in Newtown once a month, and then at a vintage market in Greenside."I wracked my brain for a name, but it seemed the name my parents gave me worked. When people saw the earrings they'd be like 'Oh is that a Mariah McCloy.'Soon she was at Market on Main.Another hat she wears is that of publicist and had to come up with a gift concept for media events."I was doing publicity on a Congolese movie called Viva Riva. I had the impetus to make my love of bags and African print come together, I found a factory who could make my bags," she says proudly.The shoes came after she started buying low cost shoes and found a guy who could cover them in print. "They looked amazing and made people say 'wow'! It widened my market," she says"I make brogues and sneakers as well as casual and formal shoes for men and women. I'm always about my instinct and an aesthetic that is inspired by Africa past and present."Producing shoes is expensive, I'm entirely self funded, but now I have brands such as Woolworths, banks and some online retail stores buying from me in bulk."I have no training, I just work with amazing people who make my ideas and inspirations come true. "Available at Woolworths, Sandton.