 Besides the trademark black bandana gold chains and gold rings that made him stand out from the crowd the 53-year-old former boxing promoter who died in a motorcycle accident on Friday was also known for delivering wickedly funny barbs that often left a mark at press conferences and in interviews.Below are just some of the quotes he effortlessly delivered whenever he worked the microphone: Look it s hard to walk away from something you have been in it for 29 years. It is just like divorcing somebody you still love. My love affair with boxing will end the day I am buried. when he announced that he was quitting boxing last May. Konki don t bring Tete s parents to the fight because I don t want them to collapse at ringside. Rather SMS the result to the family. to boxing manager Butityi Konki ahead of a fight between Moruti Mthalane and Zolani Tete. Some wise person once said if you want loyalty buy a dog. I am not angry but rather disappointed. Can t these guys be decent communicate well like they do when they joined me? Not to read in newspapers about a boxer or boxers having bolted my stable. reacting after several of his fighters defected from his stable. I am in this game to produce champions. People might not have seen me on television for some time but I am still relevant and I have stock in my structure. My gym has a number of very good boxers including two world champions Moruti Mthalane [IBO flyweight] and Lusanda Komanisi [IBO featherweight] who will be in action soon. ahead of a fight between his charge Ilunga Junior Makabu and Grigory Drozd. This bout will take boxing to the top in terms of publicity and most importantly interest because it will attract the biggest crowd in history. I truly think it will sell lots of tickets. Tickets will be sold out in a few minutes after it is confirmed and the same will happen on pay-per-view. Durandt giving his backing to proposed billion-dollar boxing match between Floyd Money Mayweather jnr and professional mixed martial artist Conor The Notorious McGregor.