"I am also a married man and I did not intimidate him"And the man behind the threats, Zimu alleges, is his wife's "friend", Brian Sibanda.Sunday World can reveal that the two men, whose animosity started around 2012, were at loggerheads over an alleged romantic relationship between Sibanda and Zimu's wife. Sibanda was previously romantically linked to the late SABC news anchor Vuyo Mbuli's widow, Savita.Sibanda has allegedly called Zimu "stupid", and Zimu has labelled Sibanda "a liar and con artist". These details are contained in police statements deposed by both men at the Midrand police station in a case of intimidation.Now, Zimu wants the cases revisited by the Hawks and the NPA because he was not satisfied with the way they were handled by the police.Police spokesman Kgomotso Semono confirmed the case was opened at the station."The suspect, Mr Brian Sibanda, was arrested but he was released after signing a warning statement to give his side of the story. The case was for intimidation through SMSes and phone calls," he said.In his statement, Sibanda told police that the allegations against him were unfounded and claimed that Zimu was shifting the goal posts instead of facing his marital problems with his wife."I disagree with the statement made by Mr Zimu because he always insults me, saying that I am dating his wife. In short, I even gave myself time to meet with him at Saxon Hotel to talk about it, and then he continues to accuse me of sleeping with his wife."I am also a married man and I did not intimidate him," Sibanda's warning statement read. He told Sunday World this week that he was the one fearing for his life because Zimu and his wife had moved to his neighbourhood in Khyber Rock, Sandton."We don't even speak to each other. His [Zimu's] people hijacked me and dumped me in Cape Town. They drove with me in the boot of the car and told me to stay away from his wife," he said.He also said that he was shocked by Zimu's accusations that he was sleeping with his wife as he was only a client of her shoe and clothing business."I was her customer until her husband called me and said I must stay away from her," Sibanda said.Zimu asked to be sent questions by e-mail but failed to respond. Instead, he sent us SMS messages but did not address the questions asked."What started this investigations and why?""You can't write my story without my permission. I don't want my case jeopardised," read his text messages.However, in a police statement Zimu stated the following: "My wife had a friendship or relationship with a certain Zimbabwean male by the name of Brian. I was very much against the friendship. This was due to lies this man has been telling people about himself," Zimu said in his statement.Zimu said Sibanda claimed to be "a businessman who owns mines, and that has turned out to be false".He also presented himself as the son-in-law of Judge Thabani Jali, Zimu alleged.Sibanda this week insisted that he was related to judge Jali. "Jali's brother is my wife's father," he said.Zimu said he discovered that Sibanda also had "a string of warrants of arrest and has two different identity documents and names". Zimu said Sibanda told him he was highly connected in the police.He concluded his statement by saying: "I fear for my life and the life of my family.. I have genuine reasons to believe that my life is in danger and looking at the history of criminal records of this man, I believe that he has plans to kill me."