 We too were of the opinion that she was American - at first.But Jiya, who has big plans for 2017, says it's time we recognised local talent is better, if not the very best.She grew up in Klerksdorp in North West. Music has always been her true passion.She first knew she wanted to be a singer at the age of six.The 29-year-old says she is influenced by a lot of genres, mostly gospel, jazz, neo-soul and R&amp;B. She is also an exceptional songwriter.Jiya's music journey kicked off 10 years ago when she met rapper and beat maker Magalela Mtshali, aka Wax Lyrikal.Later that year Jiya recorded her first song, titled Rescue Me, in a small apartment studio.But because she was still in school she decided to put her music career on hold till she completed her diploma in graphic design at the Tshwane University of Technology in 2010.But she found herself back in studio and worked on another single, titled Happier Alone.A year after her return to the industry Jiya was nominated for the Metro FM awards for best R&amp;B single .About Go Go Girl - the song that elevated her status - she says: "I wanted to show South Africa that R&amp;B is not dead and put all my focus into that."Soon she was opening on international stages for acts including Syleena Johnson."To share a stage with her was really humbling, one of the biggest moments in my music career," she gloats.Not one to remain stagnant, Jiya tells us that she will be releasing an album with a different sound in August.A snippet of what fans can expect from her will also be released later this year."I want to reintroduce people to the new sound that I have given to my album," says Jiya.After many learning curves she feels she is wiser about the industry."As a musician you cannot be complacent, you have to grow and for you to grow you need to evolve and experiment."Apart from her album release later this year, Jiya will be working on a few house songs as well. She has been featured on a house song with Sir LSG, which will be on his next album."When I started working with him, I realised that I like creating this type of house music, more soulful and soothing to the ear," she says.Jiya also owns her own record company now, Ayandastand music. "I want to get to a point where I am very happy with all that I have achieved in the industry. And I'd like the opportunity to write and create music for other musicians. There is something about words which is really appealing to me."Jiya says the hardest thing she has learnt about the industry is that there are many people out there who will use and abuse you."I appreciate those things because it has made me stronger and wiser. "Her music, she says, is inspired by life itself, friends, love, love lost and overall life experiences."What I have learnt, especially about people, is that despite everything we have gone through we are human. Through my music, people can definitely find comfort, it's a soul attack," she laughs.Asked who she really is, she responds: "I'm no diva!"She says this is the biggest misconception she hears about herself. "What you see is what you get, I am straightforward and demand mutual respect."