 Luvuyo Mfaku NPA spokesperson told Times Media that Nel handed his resignation to his boss Advocate Sibongile Mzinyathi the director of public prosecutions in Pretoria.Nel he said has cited other interests outside the NPA. The NPA wishes Nel well in his future endeavours. We have other highly capable prosecutors who will take over his current cases. In the cases that Nel is working on he has a team of prosecutors who will help to carry on with these cases as they have intrinsic knowledge of these cases. South Africans have responded with shock to the news.Ayanda Mpofu ?@AyandaMpofu2 tweeted Gerrie Nel 24 hour resignation notice so sudden...there s something fishy about Nel s resignation what or who is he running from? while Botlalo ?@dionbotlalo shared This move does not come as a surprise. NPA has become a mockery of our justice system. More revelations to come soon .Commenting on Nel s reputation Nicca ?@Miss T147 shared Gerrie Nel gave us hope that there is justice in Satafrika afterall while Zulu Royal ?@BusieSMkhize commented Prosecutor Gerrie Nel quits. What a loss. The NPA is going to the dogs .Advocate Gerrie Nel who has resigned from the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) dubbed The Pitbull for his never-back-down attitude during cross-examination of witnesses worked on some of the biggest cases in South Africa during his 35 year career as a prosecutor.He became so respected a former spokesperson for the NPA Mthunzi Mhaga once said of Nel: Everything he touches turns to gold. Here are some of the biggest cases he has worked on:1) Oscar PistoriusGerrie Nel was the lead prosecutor in the case against former Paralympian and convicted killer Oscar Pistorius who gunned down his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in February 2013. During the trial UK newspaper The Guardian said of him: Nel is diminutive and pugnacious and a sharp contrast to the tall silver-haired urbane (defence lawyer Barry) Roux. At times it can feel like a street fighter squaring up to a boxer. 2) Jackie SelebiNel took down the man who was South Africa s top cop and head of Interpol. In 2010 the Sunday Times wrote: After 10 days in the dock this was the moment that marked the end of the evidence phase of his criminal trial. The 62-year-old [Jackie Selebi] had just endured days of gruelling interrogation at the hands of state prosecutor Advocate Gerrie Nel. Nel was responsible for jailing Selebi for 15 years on corruption. However he was later released on medical parole in 2012. He died of a stroke in January 2015.3) Clive Derby-Lewis and Janusz WalusPerhaps two of his most famous cases are those of Pistorius and Selebi but back in 1993 Nel worked as a junior prosecutor in the cases of former Apartheid-era MP Clive Derby-Lewis and Polish migrant Janusz Walus who were jailed for the assassination of Chris Hani the former head of the South African Communist Party and chief of staff of Umkhonto we Sizwe.4) The ones who got awayAnother one of Nel s biggest cases and probably one of the most controversial cases under former NPA boss Vusi Pikoli s tenure was the murder case of Brett Kebble where the alleged killers Mikey Schultz Nigel McGurk and Faizel Smith got off on section 204 agreements to testify as state witnesses in the case against Glenn Agliotti.- TMG Digital/TimesLIVE 