 With education and a positive outlook, anything in life can be sweet - even the bad days or the first day back at school. As the reality of back-to-school kicked in this week, we took some of our celebs down memory lane and they reminisced about their own experiences.She says her very first day at school proved to be a rather traumatic experience. She sobbed as her mother walked away, a feeling many grade one pupils experienced on Wednesday as they began their schooling career.Starting something new will always have its ups and downs.Comedian Joey Rasdien remembers his first day of Grade 1 at Riverlea Primary school as a "new" occasion - new clothes, new shoes and lunch to go with it. He could not have been happier."I used to wonder why the other kids were crying to go home. For me, school was heaven on earth even though I was kicked out of class in the first week!" It was pupils like Joey who gave some spice to blue Mondays. His daughter started Grade 1 this week."Classmates and friends were the people I spent most of my time with. I was always excited to see them after one month of holiday," says DJ Shimza.He called himself a cool kid and loved sharing his holiday experiences with everyone - especially the memories of New Year's Eve.He may not have finished school, but says he absolutely loved his time there."I always loved the refreshing energy of the first day back at school. I also remember being the story teller among friends," he says.The singer does not remember his first day in Grade 1 because he missed it.But rest assured he made it to the second day - it was a bit daunting at first but he says it has left him with memories to last a lifetime.He tells us that it was in Grade 11 that he started singing, a move which paved the way for his successful musical career.The first day of school is the first milestone for all the other "first days" life has to offer. If that was bad, don't worry - it gets better."It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the first day of school which shaped many individuals to become the success stories they are today.