 Dolly jetted out to France on Thursday night to discuss personal terms and undergo the medical which is seen as a formality in completing the deal.This after Montpellier triggered the buy-out clause in his contract with an improved offer totalling R25-million.Dolly said farewell to his teammates and Sundowns officials on Thursday as he hopes to end what at times has been a bitter fight with his employers over the disputed buy-out clause his contract that ended up in the Premier Soccer League s Dispute Resolution Chamber.The situation created a war of words in the media between the club and the player s representatives headed by Paul Mitchell of Siyavuma Sports Group.There has been a softening of the stance of Dolly s representatives though as a deal moves closer with Mitchell releasing a statement in which the player thanked the club and his representatives and offered an apology for certain statements in the media that have been misunderstood misconstrued and misinterpreted by some . For Keagan to follow his dream of playing in Europe and to fly the South African flag high will be a dream come true for him Siyavuma Sports Group said in a statement. Keagan wishes to thank his [Sundowns] president Mr [Patrice] Motsepe for the life-changing opportunities that he has provided from his days with the Sundowns Academy to the Club World Cup in Japan. In addition a big thank you goes to his fantastic teammates and coach Pitso [Mosimane] and his technical team that Keagan has shared some unbelievable moments and emotions with. He will always be eternally grateful to each and every one of them. Also not forgetting the backroom staff all of whom have contributed to the great success Keagan has enjoyed at Mamelodi Sundowns. Keagan wishes to thank personally all of the fantastic supporters throughout South Africa not forgetting his wonderful family a big thank you goes out to all of them. The statement then went on to offer an apology for utterances made in terms of what Sundowns claim was an offer from English Premier League side Manchester City to take a closer look at Dolly which was dismissed by his representatives. Siyavuma Sports Group wishes to place on record an apology to Mamelodi Sundowns in relation to certain statements in the media that have been misunderstood misconstrued and misinterpreted by some. The statements relate to the confusion and miscommunication that was caused in some quarters in relation to the City Group s interest in Keagan. However after the confusion was cleared up some dialogue was held between the concerned parties. During those discussions it was felt that the opportunities put forward were not in line with the career path Keagan wants to take. Apologies are given to anybody who may have felt offended at the time by certain remarks relating to this topic. TMG Digital