 This will be a first outing of the year for both nations and their meeting in the island and region of France will give Banyana an opportunity to test themselves against their tough European counterparts.The South Africans will also use the match to dust off the cobwebs ahead the qualifiers for the 2018 CAF Women Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Ghana.The continental tournament will also double as the African qualifier to the 2019 Women s World Cup.The top three African teams will qualify for the France-held showpiece.Banyana landed in Saint-Denis Reunion Islands on Thursday afternoon and held a light training session.Striker Jermaine Seoposenwe said they are bracing themselves for a tough assignment against the ranked third-ranked France. As we are playing a tough opponent we need to play as a unit more so because we are not that match fit seeing that we have just returned from the festive season break Seoposenwe. They will test us from every aspect of the game and we have to be ready for it and that is why it was important for us to have the light training session so we can back into the routine. But we will go out there on Sunday and do our best. Midfielder midfielder Refiloe Jane also anticipates a tough day at the office but understands the bigger picture afforded by such an outing. This is the start of the journey for us in qualifying for the FIFA Women s World Cup in France in 2019 and also the 2018 CAF Women Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Ghana she said. The clash against France is a clear indication that preparations are already on the go for those two major events. We really appreciate what SAFA and our proud sponsor SASOL are doing to ensure that we are ready when we start with the qualifiers of both tournament. As for the clash against France it will not be an easy one but we have proven before that the stronger they come the better we are also in our play. I am confident that despite their experience we also have our strong points which we need to make use of to come out on top on the day. Leandra Smeda sat out Thursday s training session in La Reunion.She had limped off the final training session in South Africa before the squad departed for Saint-Denis.Smeda is recovering well but it is not clear whether she will face the French. TMG Digital