 Veteran actress and businesswoman Sophie Ndaba has married for the third time. Ndaba eloped with Joburg businessman Max Lichaba and went to Italy where they put a ring on it last month. The pair then flew to France to enjoy their honeymoon. Their clandestine union occurred a few months after Lichaba's uncle and grandmother met with Ndaba's relatives in Joburg where they paid lobola. Ndaba admitted, after we cornered her, that she'd secretly married Lichaba. "Yes, I'm wearing my ring but I'm not ready to confirm what you are asking me. All I can say is that we are responsible people and we have done things in a responsible way and will continue to do things in a responsible way," she said. Lichaba, who owns the popular Kwa-Lichaba joint on Soweto's world-renowned Vilakazi Street precinct, also "accidentally" confirmed the marriage when he referred to Ndaba as his wife. "Yes, I'm wearing the ring but it is because I'm a gold man. Have you spoken to 'vrou'? But I really don't want to talk about this now because I'm a private person," he said. Ndaba was previously married to fellow artist Themba Ndaba and later bishop Keith Harrington. But three family members, who didn't want to be named because they didn't want to jeopardise their relationship with the couple, confirmed that Ndaba is their makoti. "She is our daughter-in-law and we are happy that Max has found the love of his life in her. She is not only a doting wife but a support structure to our son," said the next- of-kin. The other relative confirmed the union too and said they were not surprised when Lichaba told them he wanted to make Ndaba his wife. "They met through his two brothers, Prince and Charles, who assist him to run his businesses. They phoned Sophie late last year and requested her to help them market the pub. She told them that she would meet them whenever she found time," said the relative. The relative further said Ndaba phoned them after a while and told them she was coming to the popular drinking hole to discuss the marketing strategy with them. "When she arrived there, she met Max and it was love at first sight. Max phoned her after a few days and expressed his undying love for her but she told him that she was seeing somebody else. He told her that he too was involved but was unhappy in his relationship and would end it to be with her," said the relative. The relative also said Lichaba phoned Ndaba again after a few weeks and said he had ended things with his woman and was ready to date her. "Sophie was also not happy with her boyfriend and later ended things with him to give Max a chance," said the relative. The relative said that after dating for a few weeks, Ndaba insisted on meeting Lichaba's relatives to confirm he had indeed ended things with the other woman. "She met them and they confirmed that Max was no longer seeing anyone. They then took their relationship to another level," said the relative. The relative said the couple would be joined at the hip during the Miss Lichaba Legacy Beauty Pageant, organised by Ndaba, and billed for December 14.          