"His bold, eclectic aesthetic and eccentric looks are not suited to most"Riky Rick gets mocked for his fashion choices on Instagram, but he is clearly the last one laughing as he was featured in The New York Times Fashion.His bold, eclectic aesthetic and eccentric looks are not suited to most.Cassper Nyovest is hot on his heels with his super dope casual style and even more stylish tailored suits. Thanks to him, the windowpane suit is a must-have for gents this year.Khanyi Mbau is the first local celebrity to rock the thigh-high denim boots first seen on Kim Kardashian.Enhle Mbali Nkosi is making as many waves through her looks as her hubby Black Coffee does on the decks. Wrapping a skirt over a shirt dress will be trending this and next season.Craig Jacobs of Fundudzi says denim has made a dramatic return but we need to leave those DIY cutouts exposing your knees and pockets back in 2016. Looser, vintage-inspired denim is going to be a big trend this year. Also look out for side-slit hems.The New Boho look: Think embroidery, appliqu and retro-inspired prints. These are all the hallmarks of the New Boho, which have been seen on the runway in the collections of Dolce and Gabbana, and Gucci.True fashionistas will be smart and uncover the original vintage pieces that inspired the trend in second-hand stores, while the less adventurous can dip their toes by adding a dash of something embroidered into their existing wardrobes.The bomber jacket made its appearance for summer and is not going away this winter.Part of the oversized trend, made popular by the hottest Paris label, Vetements, the bomber jacket allows you to bow to the trend without looking like you are being swallowed alive by your clothes.The neck is the new erogenous zone, and the best way to draw attention to it is by slipping on a choker.For men, your outfit isn't complete unless you add lots of gold chains over your shirt but make sure they're not too chunky.Colour authority Pantone has named green the colour of 2017 and, considering all the disruption and conflict in the world at the moment, you can't go wrong with this most calming of colours.Letting it all hang out on the red carpet is something that only has-beens, B-grade artists and wives of stars hankering for their own limelight do in Hollywood. Judging by what we saw at the Golden Globes, the first big red carpet dress is demure, full length and off the shoulder.Paledi Segapo from Palse: I find that 2016 was about being rebellious and playing with a mix of colours or alternatively keeping it one solid colour.We have to remember that our spring/summer is a very long season. So, whatever you've purchased last, don't throw it away. Use it to your advantage.The neck brace is not something I see keeping anyone warm this winter. Stick with bold and brightly coloured scarves, gloves, hats. Men's hats are making a big comeback. Do try hectic layering, e.g. a bomber jacket or quilted jacket over a classic blazer or a trench coat.You can't go without a trench coat. And do look out for new designs of trench coats with lapels, they're now quite exaggerated.Shearling or heavy lamb's-wool-lined coats are also big this coming winter and if you wanna be "lit", then keep your colours solid - meaning keep it one colour from head to toe. Think thigh-high boots. For men, parka jackets, or jackets lined with lamb's wool are a must have.For the youth of Mzansi, when it comes to accessories it's all about balance. Don't wear too much and if you wear a statement piece, then keep your outfit simple.Make sure you have a killer pair of ankle boots and a fashion-forward leather jacket to match this winter.With our crazy global warming weather it's all about layering, so keep items that can be thrown over and under your statement pieces to tie your look together. Keep the oversized baggy look. Big shirts, big jackets and flaring pants are a must.For make-up trends, swap your black liner for a warm winter colour and add a pop of shimmer so you can have your summer flow in winter.Human hair faux lashes are also trending and use Kylie Jenner lip kits if you have thin lips.Some trends to let go of are sheer fabrics. double slits in dresses and skirts. Oversize box braids should be swapped for faux braids. And colour blocking should be replaced with monochromatic tones.For guys, please stop shaving lines in your eyebrows and wearing saggy pants. And men, don't be afraid to embrace checks, crop tops and know that in our modern times clothes are genderless.Hangwani Nengovhela from Rubicon says clothes that are too revealing and too tight must fall. Keeping it elegant and classy is always a winning formula for work and having fun.As the winter is unbearable to think about just yet, keep the appliqued soft-cape looks and sheer roll-collar blouses. Keep it flowy and interesting with an appliqued cigarette skirt. It works day and night and it's fun to keep it playful.Another hot favourite is the cowl-neck full dress with patch pockets.Candice Thurston, managing director of Candi &amp; Co, says this year there's definitely more focus on natural hair. She says natural hair needs more moisture."The best style for natural girls is to buy a curl activator [our fave is Eco-Styler] that can style their natural texture and activate a curl. This will ensure girls fall in love with their hair and understand how to style it," says Thurston."The second area is protective styling like braids, weaves and wigs. These are easier to maintain, but must be looked after and also ensure application is done properly. No pulling, tugging or pain. If you feel any of this, remove immediately or ask your stylist to re-do," she says. "It's important to note that trims are needed to get rid of split ends and a good balance of protein and moisture treatments are crucial."She says braids are going to be bigger, better and more creative this year."The normal styling of box-braids might be on its way out, but styling braids with jewellery, materials and interesting shapes are going to lead the hair trends."She also notes that it's a myth that women who are not "black" can't indulge in exotic African styles. "The most exciting part of Candi&amp;Co is we de-racialise hair . With hair extensions and the right techniques anyone can rock braids. The trick is to understand the product being used and use the correct techniques for the particular hair type." She says the weave is not going out of style any time soon."Colour is always going to be in. This year is different in that it will be pastel colours with a twist. Think rose-gold pink or blue-grey," says Thurston.