"Lundi could be alive had she given my dad a chance to pray for him"Thobeka Sogwagwa, whose relationship with the deceased singer is still an enigma, allegedly went toe-to-toe with Sechaba after he prohibited her from taking the ill artist away from his home in Katlehong township in December.Lundi was being prayed for by Sechaba's father Johannes at the artist's home at the time of the incident. So serious was the fight that Sogwagwa unleashed police on Sechaba on allegations that he kidnapped the singer.Sogwagwa allegedly wrapped Lundi up in a duvet and bundled him into her car and drove off with him to her Edenvale, Ekurhuleni, home.The woman, who allegedly spent days and nights at Lundi's bedside in Edenvale Hospital until his death, declined to comment.Sechaba confirmed he was involved in a fight with Sogwagwa over Lundi and that she called the police on him.Relating the matter to Sunday World, Sechaba said he phoned Thobeka and asked her to bring Lundi over to his house for divine intervention after hearing that he was bed-ridden."I did that because my father wanted to pray for him. She arrived at my house carrying Lundi with her hands. She said Lundi was neither eating nor drinking any fluids," he said.Sechaba said Thobeka laid Lundi on his bed and his father prayed for him."After a few hours, we fed him soft porridge and water and he finished them so quickly and even asked for some more. My father asked her to leave Lundi with us for two days but she refused."Sechaba said they then asked her to leave Lundi overnight but she also refused."This despite that she could see that Lundi showed signs of improvement after my father prayed for him. I told her she could only take him the following day but she started calling me names and left."The award-winning muso said he was gobsmacked a few hours later when he saw police cars screeching to a halt outside his house."When I asked what the problem was, the police said she told them I was refusing to hand Lundi over to her and that I was kidnapping him. When I tried to explain they told me to release Lundi to her or face arrest. She then walked into my bedroom where he was sleeping and carried him to her car and drove off."Sechaba said he was saddened when he heard later that Lundi was admitted to hospital in critical condition. "The truth is Lundi could probably be alive today had she given my father a chance to pray for him. Now my friend is dead," he said bursting into tears.Sechaba's father, Johannes, said: "My job is to pray and heal people. I prayed for him and he started eating and drinking water, something she told us he was not doing before they came," he said.