 The 2017 budget proposes a 30 cent per litre increase in the fuel levy and a nine cents per litre increase in the Road Accident Fund levy effective on 5 April.No RAF levy was imposed in last year s budget.The two levies coupled with customs and excise levies on petrol diesel and biodiesel fund general government expenditure support environmental goals and finance the RAF Treasury says.Treasury is also currently mulling the potential of removing the zero VAT rating on fuel but adds that this will be subject to consultation leading up to the 2018 budget . To mitigate the effect on transport costs government will consider combining this with either a freeze or a decrease in the fuel levy the budget review document states.Finance minister Pravin Gordhan condemned negativity inspired by greed and selfishness in his budget speech on Wednesday. Defeat the bearers of this toxic ethic he said in a section of his speech calling on South Africans to embrace transformation. It is not just at the level of leadership that there are transformation opportunities. In our communities there are strong bonds and powerful traditions of caring he said. These are wonderful social assets and I believe that all of us can commit to doing more to make the lives of fellow South Africans better. Obstacles there will be many. Overcome them. Detractors abound. Disprove them. Negativity inspired by greed and selfishness will obstruct us. Defeat the bearers of this toxic ethic. South Africans wherever you are own this process; defend your gains; demand accountability. Be an active agent for change. Gordhan admitted the government had come short of delivering adequate growth and social transformation. We are at a crossroads now. We need to act urgently to build confidence and support investment. We need to bring all stakeholders onto an inclusive growth and transformation path. We have proved that we can change course through negotiation participation and partnership. We have the resilience needed to more forward confidently even in uncertain times. 