Seeing my album in a music store, I knew then that dreams are possible, from iNanda to the worldNow a Sama award winner, the rapper says God found him when he least expected it."I had just finished burying my father and my mother was in prison. I was wanted by the police. All of this when I was still doing my matric. I went to church just to pay my respects and a group of young people at the Durban Christian Centre in Berea accepted me, and I kept going back," he says.Mawat says it took him more than three years of hustling, submitting demos to every record label without success. He decided to form his own record label Set Free Media.In August 2015 he started working on his first album Blessed, and collaborated with Mzansi's late gospel king Sfiso Ncwane on one track.Mawat says he was a rapper before he found God, and so rapping for the Lord became the logical thing to do."First of all I can't sing," he says, "although I write and produce, rapping was the only form of music I knew how to use as a vehicle to carry my message to the world."The collaboration track with Ncwane titled Ngithanda Wena was only released a month before the gospel sensation's untimely death.Mawat says the song was inspired by their common love for the Lord."Looking at what we went through and having God as our help in every situation, we just wanted to create something that will be relevant to the whole of South Africa, both in sound and message," says Mawat.On how he met Ncwane, he says: "We have common friends and his best friend Nhlanhla Mdlalose (who plays Bongani on Isibaya) is my closest friend. We always ran into each other and ended up close friends," says Mawat.He is a big fan of American gospel rap pioneer Kirk Franklin."I believe one day soon I will do something with him. He is an inspiration to me. He brought his truth in music the way he knows how, same as me," says Mawat.He says some gospel artists and fans did not accept his music at first because rap has always been associated with "unholy" lifestyles.He believes that this misconception was the reason no record label wanted to touch him."I started Set Free Media and signed myself. Not only that, we also signed a nationwide distribution deal with Nyce Entertainment," says Mawat.He says coming from a township notorious for its high crime rate, he also got caught up in that life."Most people I grew up with are either dead, serving life in prison, are drug addicts or are about to be released from lengthy jail sentences. I mean my mother was in prison but all that we did was to put something on the table because we were very poor," says Mawat.He says besides making music in his home studio, he loves going to the gym, cooking and attending cooking events."I have a cooking show coming up soon called Breaking Bread With Mawat. It is produced by Set Free Media and Sothar Pictures," he saysUnlike most rappers, he does not listen to rap music. "It's crazy that I don't really listen to rap. I love worship music and old school soul R&amp;B where they speak about love. That's just me, he who has been forgiven of much, loves much. I have hurt too many people, so I'm on that tip. I just love love," he chuckles.He says he was a naughty kid who was always out in the streets with friends."I never stayed indoors. I was always on the road playing with friends. Then that escalated to stealing and other naughty things," Mawat says.He says even though they were poor, there was always love."My father was very tough on me though, and that I am grateful for. It prepared me for the world. It's like he knew he would not be around to teach me more about manhood," says Mawat.Jesus is the one person he admires the most "because this was a man who did not allow situations to change who he was, unlike how we do, the pressures of life change the course of our lives."The other is his mother."My mother sacrificed her life for her kids. She risked her life for us. She kept believing and pushing hard for a life she dreamed of for her kids," Mawat says.The fondest memory, he says, was seeing his album in a music store. " I knew then that dreams are possible, from iNanda to the world."