"She was allegedly tired of being beaten and jumped from the third floor of the building"Pistorius was first sentenced to five years for culpable homicide for killing his girlfriend in the early hours of Valentine's Day. He claimed he thought her to be an intruder.The Supreme Court of Appeal overturned his culpable homicide conviction and, finding in favour of the state, replaced it with murder in 2015.He was eventually sentenced to six years in prison.Keabetswe, the sister of former SAfm radio personality Karabo Kgoleng fell to her death on February 14 2015.It was alleged she may have committed suicide after a fight with her husband of almost two years, Thabo Malebo.Security reported that she was allegedly tired of being beaten and jumped from the third floor of the building. The 30-year-old mother of three - a boy and two girls - initially survived the more than 10m plunge only to succumb to her injuries later.A 29-year-old Amanzimtoti man from Durban High, Zazi Mvubu, was convicted and sentenced to 15 years for the murder of 28-year-old Bongekile Motsamai in February 2015.Apparently an argument ensued at his home in Adams Mission about his girlfriend's whereabouts on Valentine's Day. He kicked her in the head and face and punched her. She lost consciousness, was put in her car and burnt at the Umlazi Cemetery.Tiana Notice was a student finishing her Master's degree at the University of Hartford in the US, when her ex-boyfriend, James Carter II, stabbed her 18 times with a knife. Tiana ended the relationship with him and even got a restraining order, yet her ex lover was persistent.Tiana's parents had installed a surveillance camera outside her house to monitor her security. It captured her running away from Carter on Valentine's Day, 2009. The camera audio captured Tiana's last screams and efforts to escape.She had tried to call 911 but was bleeding profusely, and died later on. Carter was sentenced to 60 years in prison.Nathan Leuthold of Illinois in the US shot his wife, Denise, in her parents' home on Valentine's Day in 2013.He tried staging it as a break-in, but police became suspicious. Nathan is said to have killed his wife so he could be with his 21-year-old mistress Aina Dobilaite. The young woman was a Lithuanian student whom the family sponsored to study in the US. Nathan Leuthold was sentenced to 80 years in prison.Boxer Najai "Nitro" Turpin committed suicide on February 14 2005, while sitting in a car with his girlfriend and two-year-old daughter.The Mirror reports that abortion doctor John Hamilton was known for being a romantic. When they got married he surprised his new wife, Susan, with a luxury Porsche - and the gifts continued for 14 years.But the obstetrician-gynaecologist from Oklahoma City was sentenced for beating Susan to death in their bathroom and strangling her with two of his neck ties on Valentine's Day in the late 1990s. Parts of her brain were exposed from the beating. John claimed to have found her body and attempted to save her.A letter from Susan suggests the couple were having marital troubles. A murder weapon was never found but the doctor was found guilty. The jury convicted Hamilton in less than two hours. From behind bars, the doctor continues to maintain his innocence.In 2015 Thando Lushaba went to visit her boyfriend on Valentine's Day where she found him with another woman. The police statement reads that Lushaba then left the boyfriend's house and went to her place of residence in a village in Thabong.Apparently the boyfriend went drinking and when he returned home in the early hours of the next morning the two had a heated argument, resulting in her allegedly stabbing the 23-year-old man once in the chest - fatally.