 As part of the Department of Health s circumcision programme, Modupe is calling on 2000 men across South Africa to join him.He is encouraging men to book for medical circumcision by sending a please call me to 082 808 6152 to secure a slot on #ZwakalaSkeem day at one of 150 clinics in Gauteng, KZN, Mpumpalanga and the North West. I would like South African men to join me in a celebration of masculinity, brotherhood and good health. I m calling on men to be circumcised with me on Saturday, 11 March 2017. There are 200 clinics involved in #ZwakalaSkeem day and it s absolutely free. Because it s a Saturday, men who work, won t need to take time off," Modupe urged in a statement. I was motivated to have this done when I read how it can protect my wife from getting human papillomavirus (HPV) which causes cervical cancer. But I ve learnt that in a recent survey of 100 000 men, 47% do it for hygiene reasons and 38% for HIV prevention. Circumcision reduces the risk of contracting HIV by 60% as well as other sexually transmitted infections. Some men do it because it keeps the penis clean, and others because their partners prefer it, but whatever the reason, it s the right thing to do. Modupe will undergo the procedure at the Katlehong North Clinic.Asked why he wasn t already circumcised, Modupe responded that he considered it after high school. A doctor told me my foreskin was too small which turned out to be nonsense. Then there were the usual issues: I was nervous about the pain, the healing period and abstaining from sex, Modupe explains I ve since discussed circumcision with men who have had the procedure. They say there is more discomfort than pain. Also, painkillers are provided. You can t have sex or masturbate for six weeks afterwards, but I ve timed it to be totally healed by my birthday. Modupe s wife Liza is very supportive of his decision. What he is doing is very brave. I totally support him and appreciate his decision to protect me and do the right thing, she said.