 Mbau, a nymphet who shared some of her sexual experiences in her biography, was reacting to results of a study released this week about the growth of sales of sex toys in South Africa.The queen of bling said she would rather service herself."I don't know man, I'm not a fan of toys. I prefer using my fingers to pleasure myself than a toy. I just feel like a toy is not enough. I don't believe in them," said Mbau.Generations: The Legacy actress Manaka Ranaka said she has had a fair share of sex toys experience."I bought a dildo and used it for some time. But later I realised 'no, this was not what I want'. It does not hold me; it does not breathe; it does not tell me that it loves me. I threw it away."I decided I want the whole package," said Ranaka.She said one of the reasons she had to throw the toy away was "to avoid having unrealistic expectations when I'm with a man"."No man has a penis that vibrates, so I can't hold on to that. I needed a breathing human being."Ranaka said despite her decision back then, she had nothing against sex toys."In fact these manufacturers should find a way to make a breathing penis then we are in," she said with a giggle.Rapper Khuli Chana believes whatever it takes to keep the sexual life in your marriage or in a relationship aflame, you got to do it."Some of these toys are too much - just too kinky but look, you gotta do what needs to be done to save that marriage," he said.The survey, conducted by Desir, SA's premier brand for upmarket and luxury sex toys, revealed that South Africans have grown an "unquenchable" sex toy appetite as they wanted to improve chances of achieving an orgasm.According to the study, 76.6 % of respondents admitted to have used a sex toy while only 23.3% said they had not tried them out.Desir CEO Brodie Meyer said the survey was conducted through the organisation's platforms, including their website, social media pages and database of customers. "We also used various external media partners, their websites and social media platforms. We also used Cosmo SA, 2OceansVibe Media and All4Woman among others."Meyer said those not using sex toys said they would prefer to buy a sex toy for use as a couple rather than solo use.