"She doesn't come to studios to record. She has recorded only three songs the entire year and is forever demanding money from our boss"Fifi Cooper has been shown the door by her no-nonsense boss Kgosi Mahumapelo of Ambitiouz Records allegedly for disrespecting him, bringing the name of the company into disrepute, going AWOL and disrespecting her colleagues, amongst others.Mahumapelo confirmed Fifi Cooper, real name Refiloe Mooketsi, was no longer with their stable as she had breached her contract."I can confirm that Fifi Cooper is no longer with Ambitiouz but these are matters of breach of contract that we can't discuss. The issue is being handled by our legal team, so it's sub judice," he said.Cooper disputed that she was given a big boot in the butt but left after a dispute with Mahumapelo over ching ching."I was involved in a car accident and asked him to give me an advance but he told me that he didn't have a budget for me. If you say you didn't get money you invested in me why is that my problem because as a businessman you take risks; business is all about risks," she said.Three record label employees who didn't want to be named, confirmed Fifi Cooper had been pink-slipped for bringing the name of the label into disrepute, going AWOL, disrespecting Mahumapelo and her colleagues and bunking studio sessions.An employee, who was closed to the Kuze Kuse hit-maker, said Fifi Cooper failed on several occasions to pitch for promo interviews and gigs that she was paid to perform at."Last year, Fifi Cooper was scheduled to do an interview on Metro FM during the day. When the employee who was supposed to take her to the interview in Auckland Park phoned her, she didn't answer her phone. The interview was cancelled. When asked why she didn't answer her phone knowing she was supposed to go to an interview to promote her album, she simply said 'I was tired so ke etseng' (I was tired so what was I supposed to do?" said the employee.Another employee said Fifi Cooper failed to pitch up for several gigs and the company had to refund promoters."This puts the life of the promoters at risk because they could be killed by her fans," said the employee. The employee also said the label was struggling to recover the money it invested in the rapper."She doesn't come to studios to record. She has recorded only three songs the entire year and is forever demanding money from our boss. At some stage she phoned Kgosi and said she wanted R40000 to fix her brother's car she crashed."When he told her that there was no budget for her, she threatened to go to the papers because she knows that Kgosi is media-shy. He finally grew tired of her and told her to hit the road," said the employee.The employees said Fifi Cooper is surrounded by bad friends that are only around when she has money."She would say, 'You guys are nothing without me, you are making money today because of me'. She is disrespectful."Meanwhile, Sunday World learnt that Mahumapelo was taking legal action against his artist A-Reece for breach of contract. This after the artist left the stable last week despite his three-year contract still being in force.A-Reece left together with hip-hop group B3nchMarQ. A-Reece and B3nchMarQ could not be reached for comment at the time of going to press.