 Duma took to social media to break the news and etv publicist Joe Strydom has confirmed that Duma will depart the show as Zinzi Dandala.Strydom adds that Duma has already shot her final scenes with the show and viewers will see her last on-screen on 4 April.In a lengthy statement jotted down on Instgram, Duma took some time to bid farewell to her fans:This is the saddest but yet so exciting moment of life. Last Day with the @officialrhythmcity family! What a journey! Thank You so much for the opportunity, experience and support you guys have given me for the past two years!I would like to Thank everyone who has been part of this journey and that includes my Mrivithi fam,my supporters. You guys held me down for real! Your support means the whole world to meThank you so much for coming into my life and giving me joy, and allowing me to do what I Love. Thank you for loving me for who and what Iam. For taking GOOD care of me. For your Best advices,for Lectures and lessons. Thank you for making me believe that it's possible and THANK YOU for receiving my love in return. Thank you for the memories I will cherish forever. But most of all, thank you for showing me that there will come a time when I can eventually let you goI genuinely wish I could stay but we all have different goals and ambitions we wanna reach!You know what they say : "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams" and that's what Iam going for MY FUTURE.I am going in without any doubt and advancing Confidently in the direction of my dreams endeavoring the life that I've envisioned for myself and making all of them a successThanks everybody for believing in my dream and most importantly I thank God for the talent,Gift of life and for allowing me to do what I love,to follow my heart desires without even trying too hard!From Orange Farm to the World [sic] See you on the flipside! [sic] I can t think of any better representation of beauty than someone who is unafraid to be herself. Now off to bigger things [sic]