"My acting career is on the up, my music career is growing like never before"Famed for her raunchy stage performances, the songstress is buoyant about how people have warmed up to her e.tv soapie Rhythm City character Sunay, as well as her music."People love Sunay, every now and then I'm asked when am I returning to Rhythm City and because the soapie is my other home, I'm welcome to go back. It's not planned. I've had a six-year break from the soapie concentrating on my music," says Khumalo."I need to strike a balance between the two crafts. After 13 years in the industry, my music comes first. Acting demands a lot of time but I'm happy my record company Mabala Noise and my fans understand that when I'm not working on an album, I'm on set, shooting."Khumalo has been nominated in the Best Female Album category for the 2017 Metro FM Music Awards to be held in Durban on Saturday.Khumalo, however, refuted claims she was using her son Christian in a social media video to garner sympathy votes."My son is supportive of my career and, like my fans, loves me for who I am and what I do."I'm in great space in my journey at the moment. I'm enjoying what I do. My acting career is on the up, my music career is growing like never before," she retorted.Khumalo, is currently on her fourth appearance on the e.tv soapie, where she reprises her role as the gutsy diva Sunay, who made her comeback last month. She debuted on Rhythm City in 2008 as Sbu's (Lungile Radu) girlfriend, but later cheated on him with his father Miles (Peter Sephuma).After a short break, she returned in 2009, when she betrayed Tshidi (Nokuthula Ledwaba) by stealing her TV show. She was instrumental in leading Tshidi to drug addiction.In 2013 Sunay reappeared pregnant. She proceeded to con Sbu and Zondi (Elliot Makhubo) into signing her on as an artist and then hustled them out of R100000.She now returns as Kwela's (Themba Nofomele) famous diva wife, tasked with mentoring Reneilwe (Amo Chidi) on her journey in the world of music, but naturally, she is not the best mentor, as her manipulative ways continue.