 This is what I go through everyday. Now I am told I have 21 days to live. I have reported to the police but nothing has happened! Khoza posted on Facebook.The death threats started after she spoke out against corruption state capture and specifically President Jacob Zuma s administration.Khoza has also been among a few ANC MPs urging party members to vote based on their conscious in the upcoming vote of no confidence in Parliament against President Jacob Zuma. Makhosi Khoza's daughter receives death threats She has since been subjected to a number of threats including a march to her house by the ANC Youth League.Addressing a public debate in Cape Town on Tuesday night she revealed that earlier that day her daughter had received a death threat. I never thought that they would escalate [this] to my children she said.Also on Tuesday Khoza herself received a text message warning: This time around you should do what is best for yourself. This was followed by a message stating I will find and kill you and another threat warning You have 21 days before you die .The person then warned: Vote against the motion and withdraw your statements and comments about the secret ballot. Do what is best for yourself and your family. She was further warned: You have 20 days let (sic). Meanwhile Black First Land First president Andile Mngxitama has denied that a BLF member was behind the threats saying there must be a white person trying to cause s**t for BLF .Mngxitama told the publication on Saturday morning that because Khoza was black BLF would never threaten her. We don t regard Khoza as a political anything she is just loud and irrelevant plus she is black so we won t under any circumstances threaten her he said. Our movement defends all blacks even those we disagree with. So there must be a white person trying to cause s**t for BLF. Twitter user Nic Haralambous whose profile identifies himself as a writer and columnist Tweeted on Saturday that his True Caller app showed the number from which the threatening messages were sent identified as Blf .True Caller is a free app available to Android and Apple users and picks up the name a number is saved under on any user s phone that has True Caller installed. I popped the number into the TrueCaller ap on Android and you ll never believe what it showed.. he tweeted attaching a screenshot of the search result. @mcleodd @robrose_za @Bruceps @ShuterRob I popped the number into the TrueCaller app on android and you'll never believe what it showed... I have sent [it] to our leadership structures Mngxitama said when asked to look into the matter. You can imagine the difficulty of verifying such in a mass movement. In any event BLF and its members never make such threats to a black person. BLF holds the principle of peace among blacks he added saying BLF had an official policy called the Code of dealing with house negroes and sell outs . The media needs to understand what BLF stands for and you won t be so easily duped. (With additional reporting by Kyle Cowan)