This relationship was not only toxic to him but also toxic to the company and staff.Madisakwane allegedly tried to end it all by taking an overdose of tablets after Matlala rejected her demands that he confiscate the Range Rover he gave to his baby mama Phumzile Shezi, whom he broke up with about two years ago.The former Generations actress also allegedly instructed him to prevent Shezi from visiting him at his multi-million rand posh house in Midstream Estate, Ekurhuleni.This after Madisakwane discovered that Shezi visited Matlala at the house on Father's Day without her knowledge.But the BEE tycoon sneezed at her demands and instead told her to hit the road.However, Madisakwane, 42, who is 10 years older than the businessman, dismissed as untrue allegations that she tried to take her own life."I'm a mother and a God-fearing woman. A woman of my integrity, values and class would never try to commit suicide for a man she has known for less than three months."This was not even a serious relationship. In my view it was just a friendship that I was just having fun in. I'm a woman. I have a choice. If I wanted a serious relationship I would look for it in a man who is very mature and has a particular class."Madisakwane confirmed that she had an argument with Matlala over his exes. "He loved me, he took care of me. He would never allow me to drive at night, he would instead send his drivers to pick me up."I don't want to be negative to him because he really cared about me. We only had our issues over his exes. In fact, why doesn't he even know about the break-up you are talking about because I asked him?"Matlala, who previously dated singer KB Motsilanyane, 37, confirmed that he kicked the former Gospel Gold presenter to the kerb because she was a control freak who henpecked him in front of his employees."I have decided to end things with her because it's high time I dated women [of] my age. There are certain things she wanted that I could not give her. That's all I can say for now," he said.The startling news of their break-up was revealed by Matlala's project manager Mokgosi Mannya, who did not approve of their dalliance."I can confirm that the two are no longer an item. This relationship was not only toxic to him but also toxic to the company and staff. My boss was no longer concentrating at work because he would complain that Palesa wanted to control everything and questioned his relationship with certain staff members. This created a lot of tension at work. I know that it is none of my business but I'm happy that it's over," he said.One of Matlala's friends alleged that Madisakwane became insecure after suspecting he was still seeing Shezi."She sent him a picture of pills and later phoned him and said she took them and was driving around without seeing the road because she was feeling dizzy. She said she wanted to kill herself because he betrayed her," said the friend.