"The last time I checked my daughter was pregnant and had to stop attending classes"His wife of 20 years, Pretty, claim that her estranged husband started neglecting his duties after falling in love and moving in with a younger woman, who was a family friend.Pretty said her daughter, who was supposed to be doing her final year at private university Monash, Johannesburg, was forced to drop out due to the outstanding fees that Mongale failed to pay."My daughter could not even be allowed on campus because she owes fees from last year. I told Daniel that he had to pay the outstanding R11000, but he has been ignoring my pleas."Our daughter is now depressed because this year was supposed to be her final year. She studies BCom and has been doing exceptionally well. Now this man is ignoring our calls to pay the fees for her to graduate," she said.The wife said their daughter, 21, was now living with friends somewhere in Joburg."My daughter always calls me crying because she cannot register because of this amount. I'm a teacher, I have to pay for my other daughter's fees who is attending Varsity College. I do not have that kind of money," said Pretty.Dan poured cold water on allegations he was an irresponsible father and alleged he stopped paying for his daughter's fees after she got pregnant."The last time I checked my daughter was pregnant and had to stop attending classes to raise a child."This woman is bitter, she is trying to tarnish my name."I have been taking care of my daughters. I took them to top schools even before they went to universities," said Dan.Pretty said things started going south in their marriage when Dan "started cheating on me with a family friend".She said Dan had been neglecting his responsibilities as he was head over heels in love with his new girlfriend."He left our marital home to stay in a flat with his younger girlfriend. He even married her without my knowledge. I found out through gossip that they had a big wedding."The woman he left me for was regarded as a family friend. She used to come to my house with her then boyfriend, but during that time she was sleeping with Dan behind my back," she said.Dan shot back, saying his wife was jealous and bitter."I have proof of all the payments I have been making towards my children's education. This woman wants to destroy my name because I'm a prominent person."