"It was a mad situation. He appeared possessed"The dramatic incident took place in Glenanda, south of Joburg on Thursday morning when Paintsil, 36, allegedly took his fight with his landlord and the managers of the townhouse complex to another level.Neighbours who witnessed the incident said as a result of Paintsil's "crazy stunt", most of the residents of the 214-unit complex were late for school and work.Paintsil denied all allegations against him."I don't know what you are talking about. I don't even stay there. Where is that place?" he said.Security company Protective Force operations manager at the complex Leslie van Zyl confirmed that Paintsil blocked the exit after electricity to his apartment was cut off at the behest of the owner."I was informed by the managing agent of the unit that Paintsil had illegally reconnected electricity and changed locks to the box. He instructed me to cut off his new locks and switch off his electricity and replace the locks.Paintsil, who played for English Premiership sides West Ham United, Fulham as well as Leicester City before heading to South Africa to wind down his illustrious career with Santos and Maritzburg United, was angered after power to his home was disconnected on Wednesday.It is alleged that his landlord took action against him after he failed to pay his rent for more than three months.But the former Ghana strongman was not impressed with his landlord for throwing the rule book at him."He drove out and came back accompanied by three more cars," said a security guard, who asked not to be named. "When they arrived, they broke the padlock on the electricity distribution box inside the complex and illegally reconnected his unit."They also changed the locks and fitted their own locks and did not give the keys to us or the body corporate. We realised that when we tried to open the box and switch off his electricity again."He got very angry and blocked the gate on Thursday morning and hundreds of people could not leave the complex to go to work or school. We called armed security guards but they also could not persuade him. He was really acting like an injured bull."It took police to remove him. They threatened to lock him up and tow his car if he did not remove it."Another witness, who also asked not to be named, said Paintsil threatened those who tried to drum sense into his head, with witchcraft."It was a mad situation. He appeared to be possessed."