 Baroka have developed an appetite for upsetting more illustrious opposition Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates could not beat them this season and Mosimane says he intends to tread very carefully at Lucas Moripe Stadium against a side that could scuttle the champions hopes of defending their premiership title.This potentially explosive encounter is a tussle between two teams with different objectives second-placed Sundowns are the midst of a tense battle for the league title with leaders BidVest Wits while Baroka are desperately trying to move away from the relegation quicksand.Mosimane said his assistant Rhulani Mokwena was in the stands at Orlando Stadium running the rule over Baroka when they played against Pirates two weeks ago and he saw enough in the 1-1 draw to warrant caution. Baroka are emotional and they attack you Mosimane said. They are not a team that sits back they attack you. And they need the points (on Wednesday) and that makes them very dangerous. You never know in football you never know. Mosimane said he s been involved in the game long enough to know that anything is possible in football and he cited Sundowns most recent result as testament to the unpredictable nature of the sport.He said Sundowns were expected to have a difficult time against Pirates away from home on Sunday and yet the Brazilians managed a comfortable 2-0 win at Orlando Stadium.But much against expectations Sundowns struggled at home against relegation threatened Platinum Stars and had to eventually settle for 2-2 draw. If you asked me how would I have seen our two games against Pirates and Platinum Stars panning out I think you would have also predicted three points from Platinum Stars and maybe a draw against Pirates. That s what I also thought too. But football always teaches you lessons and the opposite has happened. So even with Baroka you never know what could happened in this game. Platinum Stars scored two goals against us. Nobody scores two goals against us in Atteridgeville besides (hoodoo team) Bloemfontein Celtic who come every year and give us a surprise of five goals. But besides Celtic nobody scores more than two goals against us at home. Nobody. And Platinum Stars put two goals against us. It s unbelievable! I think maybe it s in the record books hey? I do not think we have conceded more than two goals in a match this season. I am not sure but maybe they are the first team do that. Sundowns will no doubt have someone keeping an eye on Wits league encounter against hoodoo side Free State Stars as should the champions triumph at Lucas Moripe and the leaders falter at Goble Park on the same night Mosimane s charges will return to the premiership summit. TMG Digital/TMG Sport