I don't have a genre that I prefer in the performing arts. Put me on stage, I perform; in front of the camera, I do likewise.Stuurman has been recently cast to play Gloria's son on the popular e.tv soapie Scandal! and is poised to cause drama for the younger viewers of the show."Coming on board the soapie has been great, working with people I've looked up to over the years is a big plus for me. It has taken my career to another pedestal," said the performer famous for his role as Speedy in the SABC1 drama series Tshisa.Stuurman's ultimate goal is to empower the youth by owning a production company. "I want to tell real Mzansi stories, as youth we have to do our own thing, in the long term I want to start a TV channel."I want to grow with the soapie. This is the best place I could be at this time. Things run like a well-oiled machine on set. I can just mention that it's a great honour for me to be here," said Stuurman.Ever since Gloria's divorce, Kgosi has been living with his father Abel and step-mother Portia in Witbank, Mpumalanga. To everyone's surprise, he rocks up at his sister Gontse's place and by the look of things, he is in Jozi to cause problems.The 17-year-old Kgosi is keen on music, energetic and sociable but is a manipulator after running away from his father without telling them where he was heading to.Apart from being on Tshisa, the Joburg-born and King Edward VII-educated Stuurman has featured in a number of commercials, sitcoms, comedy series and films.His most remembered advert is the PostBank advert, where at eight, he wants to pay lobola for the daughter of the butcher with a piece of meat.Stuurman's most prominent movie role was being alongside Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Morgan Freeman on Invictus, the internationally acclaimed movie about Nelson Mandela trying to unify SA rugby."I don't really have a particular genre I prefer in the performing arts. Put me on stage, I perform; in front of the camera, I do likewise," he said."I'm not a drama student. I've no training either, I like putting one foot in the pie and see how it goes."Academically, heh, I dropped out of sound engineering after two years, I could see my path was mapped out for the arts."