 A public memorial service in his honour will be held at the Protea South Multi-Purpose Centre in Soweto at 4pm.Since being shot and killed outside well-known Pimville pub Meli on Sunday night friends and family have gathered daily at the drinking spot to hold night vigils.Mandla s Jozi FM family have been working closely with the family to arrange his funeral and memorial service. We are traumatised. We are shocked said Mandla s brother Sipho outside the family home.Police nabbed four suspects a day after the incident but locals in the area have called on officials to step in claiming that thugs run the area. It s gonna be lit! Somizi and Tumi Morake to host SAMAs A man was shot here two weeks ago. Thugs run this place. Where must we go? We live here said one local outside the tavern.Community members in Soweto have told TshisaLIVE they are planning a protest march to the Kliptown Police Station after the death of former Generations actor Mandla Hlatshwayo and Oupa Duma on Sunday night in Pimville.The two were gunned down after trying to help women who were being mugged outside the Meli tavern in Pimville.There have been accusations of the ambulance taking over an hour to arrive at the scene of the accident. Johannesburg Emergency Management Services have confirmed there was a shortage of ambulances on the night of the incident and as a result that call had to be referred to Netcare 911.But it s not just Emergency Services that locals have slammed they ve also hit out at police claiming that this shooting is the second incident in two weeks. I was shot here two weeks ago. This very spot said a man who did not want to be named outside the tavern.The owner of the tavern spoke to TshisaLIVE outside the venue during a night vigil being held there. Police and ambulances were useless. We need to gather as a community in Pimville and march. We need to tell them enough is enough. This can t carry on said Gladwin Morewane.A memorial service will be held for Mandla in Soweto today. His funeral is on Saturday.