 Not only is Desmond Dube the longest serving Clientele Life ambassador - but also one of TV's oldest faces and funniest comedians. Dube, 47, says his life has been one of many trials and tribulations, but still he loves what he was born to do - and that's acting.Currently, he hosts a comedy show called #Karektas, which airs on SABC2 at 7pm on Fridays. And he is still as energetic and jovial as when he first started out in the game.Every week viewers are entertained by six resident comedians - Jovan Muthray, Josias Moleele, Nina Hastie, Tebogo Maunatlala, John Lata and Pule Welch - known as Karekters.The contestants are grouped into two teams and paired with a celebrity guest as they go head-to-head on the five challenges given. The winning team gets bragging rights as the funniest #Karektas of the week.Each episode begins with Dube doing an opening monologue as Mama D, before he introduces the team captains, team members and guest celebrities."I act and write. I started writing because I realised that if I don't do things for myself, who will? As an actor you get to the point where you don't get work. This is when I started penning something down for myself," he said.Dube said when he first arrived in Joburg in search of greener pastures, he lived in the streets for over two weeks."I grew up an actor, acted in almost everything and was known for my acting craft in Kimberley, my home-town. I decided to come to Joburg because I felt that I had reached the roof in my home-town," he said.The then teenager hitch-hiked to the city of gold even though he did not know anyone. He said he came for a production at the Market Theatre which was later delayed, resulting in him being homeless while waiting for his big break.Dube said when he first came to Joburg at the age of 17, he was still in high school."I went back to school and after matric I went to a teacher's college for a year but dropped out to pursue acting."This decision angered his grandmother. "She was upset, saying I left school to play sketches while my peers were becoming professionals."His family often reminded him that finding a "proper" job would be better for his career.But his acting dream materialised when he started hanging out with the "right people" at the Market Theatre."They kept me in the loop on new productions and I was able to audition and get in," said Dube.Long before he was on TV, he was doing theatre."My first TV show was as a host of a variety show called Lapologa," he said.From then on, funnyman Dube never looked back.