 Her sultry voice lends itself to that of legends before her.The farm girl has finally come full circle with the release of her third and most successful album yet.She says the inspiration for Black Diamond is love and all things beautiful."I wouldn't agree that it is necessarily my best work, but definitely it is different from the other two albums in the sense that it's a different genre," she says.Known as an R&amp;B songstress, her latest work instead falls into various categories. The result is simply nostalgic.A favourite has to be Kiss Madolo, apart from Falling, featuring DJ Black Coffee.She was born Nokulunga Naidoo on a sugar cane farm in the KwaMaphumulo in KwaZulu-Natal."My childhood was always filled with music and a lot of time was spent wandering the fields. So my imagination is very open and being from such humble beginnings it helps keep me grounded in this industry," says Naidoo.Some are confused by her exotic looks. But she maintains that she is "simply African".She was born to an Indian father, Billy, and Sibongile, a Zulu mother."It's amazing being mixed. But at times it can be confusing as to what race do I fall under. My parents raised us as Africans. Not Indian and not Zulu, but both. Half-and-half in Africa."A lot of the racism happened towards my parents when I was little, but they protected me and my siblings."The feisty Naidoo says people tend to talk about her not knowing that she speaks Zulu fluently. "It's funny because when they're done I respond."About her choice to be a musician, she says she was born for it. She considered becoming a paramedic, but her love for song was overwhelming."I was groomed by my uncle from a very young age. He always knew I had the gift."She left her home and headed for the Jozi lights to further her career. Here, she entered Coca-Cola Pop Stars, but was disappointed when she got the boot. After working as a back-up singer, she released two albums independently, but it seems SA was not ready.Some of her most endearing songs include a tribute to Nelson Mandela, called Mnqobi, Mirrors and Love. For someone who is nearing the naughty 40s, the mother of one doesn't look a day over 25.Her secret, she says, is quite simple. "I exercise at home and I don't really have a dietary plan because I love food too much. But I watch what I eat." As for personal goals: "I would love to have another child, specifically a son. So I would love to get married." somaya@sundayworld.co.za