"I sold everything I had in 2007 - my house, my car and all - to go and study abroad."Letswalo, best known as the co-presenter of Mzansi's maiden nuptials reality show The Wedding Show with Ed Jordan on SABC3 in 2003, has bounced back onto the small screen but with even greater plans for the local entertainment industry.Upon her return after a six-year studying stint and living in New York, where she enrolled to study drama at the Michael Howard School of Theatre, Film and Television in Chelsea, Letswalo is now headlining the drama series Isithembiso on Mzansi Magic.The show, rooted on a perilous love-triangle, recently overtook Isibaya as one of the most trending shows on social media."I sold everything I had in 2007 - my house, my car and all - to go and study abroad. I was travelling back and forth to visit family in Alexandra township, my place of birth," she says proudly."I'm now back for good but my long-term plan is to establish an all-in-one arts academy. I was inspired by what I learnt at the drama school, that's when I vowed to open the 'right school' that will teach young South Africans the business side of the entertainment industry."Aspects such as writing, which by the way is my passion, producing for both movies and theatre. This country is blessed with talent but some end up doing what they don't like for the rest of their lives."An arts academy, that's what we need in this country. I'm presently speaking to the right people, my contacts from all over the world."Once the school is up and running, it will be staffed with teachers from all over the world specialising in different fields of the arts."Letswalo says in the US she made friends and met people from far and wide - people from Asia, Europe and Africa - as New York is a mini-rainbow nation."My eyes were opened to the different cultures and the variety of talent from other countries. New York is like a world in one, although South Africa is my first home, the Big Apple is my second home." I can go and live there any time. It also gives me my space because I love my privacy. However, I hate the coldness of the place compared to sunny South Africa."When not on set, Letswalo is renowned for hosting corporate gigs. She has also played cameo roles on e.tv's Backstage, and Generations and Tshisa on SABC1.