"The style of fighting she uses to beat the crap out of her abusive husband is called Krav Maga"South Africa has among the world's highest incidences of rape and violence against women.Safety is a growing concern and most will benefit from learning some self-defence tactics against their predators - whether it be family or strangers.Jennifer Lopez gives an Oscar-worthy performance in the film Enough.The style of fighting she uses to beat the crap out of her abusive husband is called Krav Maga.Primal Gym in Rosebank offers this training to women and men. It also offers combat and personal coaching in various methods.According to the owner, Ryan Davies, Krav Maga is an Israeli-born technique and the Hebrew words translate to contact combat.There is a deeper level to this craft."It is more than just training physical skills. It extends into a deep study of human movement and criminal behaviour patterns and psychology," said Davies.The benefits of training in Krav Maga include feeling safe and secure in an external environment. "Training should be fun. I have a simple job of making people feel good about themselves," said Davies.His aim is to build confident, safe and social individuals through the craft.Davies is the only South African to have three full instructor diplomas from the Israeli Krav Maga Association.He started Primal Gym in 2009 with wife Zanalee."My intent since then has been to offer the highest level of personal safety and self-defence training."They also offer Muay Thai and Armed Combat and Tactics, or A.C.T.Muay Thai, from Thai origins, can be referred to as the art of eight weapons.It is called this because it uses eight points of contact.The body mimics these points to be weapons of war. According to Davies, it is the best foundation to practise Krav Maga.A.C.T is also an Israeli-based martial art.If you are in a situation where an attacker has a weapon, A.C.T teaches individuals to fight with and without weapons, against weapons.Being aware of your surroundings is key to combating your attackers.For more information about these self-defence tactics or to sign up visit www.primalgym.co.za.GROIN CRUSHERWe all know that the groin is men's most vulnerable point.To deliver this kick well, pull your leg back, then kick the groin as hard as you can with the top of your foot.This works if your attacker is standing in front of you.FOOT STOMPIf your attacker grabs you around your shoulders from behind, raise your knee high and stomp on the top of his foot as hard as you can.This will startle him momentarily, forcing him to loosen his grip on you.EYE GOUGINGPoking, scratching or gouging the attacker's eyes with your fingers, car keys or a pen could be very effective.Even if you fail to take his eyes out, his vision will be temporarily affected, allowing you time to get away. Carry your "weapon" in your hand while walking in a dangerous area for easy access when needed.THE REVERSE DABIf an attacker has you in a bear hug from behind, drop your weight, swivel, curl your arm as if you are doing the dab and swing your elbow back towards the side of his head. Aim for the temple.LEMON SQUEEZEThis works whether the attacker grabs you from the front or the back.As soon as he grabs you, reach out quickly and grab his nuts and squeeze as hard as you can, as if you are trying to get juice from a fresh hard lemon.If you squeeze hard enough, he might just pass out.1 Get to a safe place.2 Tell someone you know whom you can trust.3 Do not wash yourself or throw away your clothes as there might be hair, blood or semen on your body or clothes that can be used as evidence to convict your attacker. Keep the clothes wrapped in newspaper, not a plastic bag, which can damage the evidence. Keep the toilet paper if you go to the toilet because it may contain evidence.4 Go to the nearest hospital, clinic or Thuthuzela Care Centre as soon as possible. Do not wait longer than 72 hours. Try not to eat or drink until you have seen a doctor. The doctor needs to collect blood and semen samples from your body before you bath or shower in case you want to lay a charge.5 The doctor will write his report on a J88 form, which is used in court. Make two copies of the J88 form after the doctor has filled it out. One is for the police, the other for yourself.6 Lay a charge if you choose to. Ask for the station commander if the police in the charge office are not listening to you.7 You have the right to report the rape at any police station, no matter where the rape took place. The police should take you to a private room and you can request a female officer.8 You can report the rape up to 20 years after it occurred,9 Tell the police if you fear revenge or intimidation from the rapist and ask that the rapist is not allowed out on bail.0Write down the case number and the name and number of the police officer in charge of your case. Ask for a copy of your police statement. The police must put your case number on the J88 form, then stamp and sign it and give it to you.Source: Right to Care