 KV Oostende midfielder Jali was noticeably carrying weight when he played in Bafana s home friendlies under Owen Da Gama against Guinea-Bissau and Angola in March.Baxter said he will expect his national team players to arrive at camp in good physical condition.The new Bafana coach also said he is aware that Jali called up this week for Bafana s 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Nigeria on June 10 has a reputation as a fiery character but that when managed right those can be the best players in a team. Andile Jali I liked as a player when he was here in South Africa. I like his character Baxter said. I don t think he s the easiest player to have I think he s got an opinion about a few things and is a fiery character. But it s like when we were at the English FA and they d be assisting me in selecting the (England U-20) team and say This is a good lad . And I d say Yeah but he s a good tourist. He doesn t cause anybody any problems he wonders around but he s probably a pretty boy player as well . Where I think you ve got to manage some of these more fiery characters. What I will say is that I expect every national player to be a role model. Andile Bongani Zungu or whoever. I expect them to make sure that when they get to camp they re in the best possible condition. Now that s not just Andile that s everybody and I will be telling the whole squad that. I want to tell them about some of the pride in wearing the shirt and I don t talk about the shirt because you can buy the shirt at the airport. It s the badge and everything that goes into his badge. It s your father driving you to training or your mother washing your kit or the coach who gave you some simple advice or it may just be the fact that you love this country. All those things that are dear to you go into your badge and you can t buy that at the airport. So I would encourage every Bafana player to be proud of his badge and to make sure that he does everything he can to fulfill the responsibility that is put on his shoulders. Baxter s first assignment in his second stint as Bafana coach is against the 40th-ranked 2013 Afcon champions Nigeria in Uyo. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport