 Komphela has found himself under increasing scrutiny after a five-game winless run which has seen Amakhosi lose the race for the league title and also fail to lift any silverware in his full two seasons in charge.Chiefs finished fifth in Komphela s first year last season and are likely to end up in the same position in this campaign if they fail to beat newly crowned Premier Soccer League (PSL) champions Bidvest Wits who they host at 3pm at FNB Stadium on Saturday.Another Motaung to Komphela's rescue By Chiefs lofty standards two consecutive seasons without any silverware will naturally prompt their legion of fans to call for the head of the coach but senior player Khune has pleaded with management to give Komphela another chance at the helm of the most supported team in the country. The coach has done tremendously well it s just that there is nothing to show for it said the Bafana Bafana keeper during a media open day held at the club s headquarters in Naturena south of Johannesburg on Thursday. But he deserves another chance to prove his worth because he deserves to be here he deserves to be part of us. He is a very very good coach who deserves better from all of us as players said Khune.Interestingly the under-fire coach did not speak to reporters.Khune added: In the history of the club two seasons without winning anything is unfair for the club it s unfair to our fans who are there for us at all times so we just have to go and pull up our socks and and try win something for them. Khune also confirmed that the club will give newly crowned champions Wits a guard of honour.Chiefs are placed fifth on the log and could finish their trophy-less campaign 16 points behind the champions. First of all on behalf of the club I d like to congratulate Bidvest Wits. They deserved the championship but it wasn t an easy season for them and for all the other 15 PSL teams because it s been so tight for long periods of time. Some of the teams gave it away at the last minute. So congratulations to Wits and yes they do deserve the guard of honour. It s so heart-warming when you walk out of the tunnel to see other players giving you a guard of honour so they deserve it. Komphela has one more year to go on his contract with Amakhosi.Chiefs owner Kaizer Motaung did not commit to Komphela s future at the club next season earlier this month but did seem to give a word of confidence to his coach by saying that Amakhosi are in no mood to chop and change coaches overnight.Saturday s full fixture list (all matches kick off at 3pm):Golden Arrows vs Orlando Pirates at Moses Mabhida StadiumMaritzburg United vs Bloemfontein Celtic at Harry Gwala StadiumPolokwane City vs Cape Town City at Peter Mokaba StadiumKaizer Chiefs vs Bidvest Wits at FNB StadiumAjax Cape Town vs Baroka FC at Cape Town StadiumSuperSport United vs Platinum Stars at Lucas Moripe StadiumHighlands Park vs Mamelodi Sundowns at Makhulong StadiumFree State Stars vs Chippa United at Goble Park