 The series looks at three strong women who, after losing their husbands, take over their illegal business empire.Mbangeni's character is at the helm as the CEO who takes no prisoners. But the award-winning actress said she's had to endure more than two years of being an extra on Scandal, which deflated her confidence."I remember going like, 'I spent four years at Wits and I am here to wipe shots'. I had high expectations," she said.Her role mostly involved picking up something and pass it or say a word or two. "Life humbled me there, when you think you know but you realise there is still a lot you need to learn. Now looking back I am so grateful because then I was not ready for the big scenes," she said.When she joined Scandal! late in 2010, she had just acquired a BA in dramatic arts from Wits University. Growing up, she said she had always wanted to be an actress although she was shy.Her shyness was overcome when her mother took her for speech and drama classes in a bid to get her out of her shell."Throughout my high school I attended classes at the Stageworld theatre school," she said.Growing up she watched the likes of Pamela Nomvete on Generations and wished to play a similar character one day."Thembeka was an ode to the Pamela Nomvetes of this world, women who can stand their own in the boardrooms and who are not the weaker sex," she said.Mbangeni, 27, said she did her first professional theatre job while she was still a second-year student."I was fortunate to be able to practice what I was learning while in school."Although she went straight to Scandal! after graduating, she still experienced challenges."My journey has not been simple, it has been a struggle. Things look a little different because of my attitude - if someone tells me I can't do something, I work extra hard to prove them wrong," she said.She left Scandal! because she wanted to grow and explore other avenues."As actors we are like fish, if we stay in one place we die," she said.She said leaving Scandal! was scary but she had to do it, and it turned out very well.Mbangeni has appealed to her fans to stop looking for Thembeka in everything she does. "They need to give my new character an opportunity, and me as an actress to be something else," she said.