 Chiefs face Polokwane City at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday evening (kickoff: 6pm) in fifth place on 47 points with three matches remaining unable even mathematically to catch leaders Bidvest Wits on 57 points.Gordinho believes that the Amakhosi s improved form of the second half of 2016-17 at one stage going on a 12-match unbeaten run in the league indicates Komphela has found they key to winning matches at Chiefs even if it came too late for trophies.Asked how the players felt about Komphela continuing next season the centreback said: I think we re caught in-between. It s not nice to see because we re the ones on the field and the coach is in front of us or he s leading us from the side. But at the end of the day we have a winning mentality within the club. He s a winner. The fans want to see winning on the field. So I understand that there s pressure at the club. But he s gotten to a point where he s got the team performing. We ve been doing what he wants us to do. So I just think they have to be patient with him. We ve done everything right. You can t win everything and if luck s not on our side it s not meant to be. We can t say we ve had a bad season. I think we did really well and we just have to continue next season. Gordinho one of the few consistently performing players at Chiefs in 2016-17 believes that Amakhosi changing their brand of football from last season where they reached two cup finals took time to adjust to.The defender though believes Chiefs improved in performance this season even of the results were not always forthcoming. I think it was difficult because we took it upon ourselves to play a different way and a different style of football and a different mentality he said. Last season what we were doing got us into finals. This season we didn t get that far but we ve played a better brand of football. So we ve had to sacrifice one thing to believe in the coach s philosophy going into next season. A four-match unbeaten for Polokwane which included three wins and ended with a 3-2 home defeat against SuperSport United a week ago saw City firmly clear of a relegation battle in sixth place on 37 points. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport 