 Speaking after a Collins Mbesuma second-half penalty helped the team to a hard-fought 1-0 win over Chippa United at Makhulong Stadium on Friday night where they moved from the bottom of the Absa Premiership log Mabobo said the players have been made aware of their incentives. Players know where they stand in terms of incentives and I am sure that their pockets will be smiling if they save this team from relegation he said adding that Highlands are confident that the team will not go down. Without a doubt we have been saying it for a long time that we will do whatever it takes to save this team from relegation and this victory is a sign that we are capable of doing that. We are confident that we will not be relegated automatically or be involved in the play-offs. Highlands skipped above now last-placed Baroka FC and Chippa now in second-last into 14th place in the PSL and out of the relegation zone for the first time in months.Mabobo said the crucial points they earned against Chippa will give Park a cushion going into their last two matches of the campaign against second-last Baroka FC and Mamelodi Sundowns. We really believe we will pull through this tough period. The win against Chippa is important because it gives us a cushion when we go to play against Baroka in our next game he said. We studied them (Chippa) and the players adjusted to the formation that we wanted them to play and the players showed mental fortitude. Chippa coach Mbuyiselo Sambu admitted that his side are in a difficult position to avoid relegation but said they will fight until the end. Things are getting worse for us but it is still in our hands if we give our best in the last two matches Sambu said. We must dig deep and forget about other teams. We have dropped a bit on the log but we need to stick together. Asked what has been the Chilli Boys problem in recent matches as they have gone five games without a win Sambu said Chippa s main problem has been lack of composure in front of goal. We must use the chances that we create and score enough to win games he said. We are not composed when it comes to the final third and the players are feeling the pressure which is making things hard. Motivation is not lacking because the management is playing their part and for us as the technical team we are also trying our best to motivate and support them and not be too hard on the players. It is also important for me to continue to believe in my abilities he said. - TMG Digital 